* * * Joyful James * * *
                                      
                             * * * written by my awesome system * * *

                             
Place: INSECTARIUM 
Time: EVENING

Nino:	fastest-growing religion have subdivisions. Christians will also referring 
	the supreme power or Pastafarianism (officially recognised 
	by former president of the idea of 
	the soul by 27%, and Jews, 36. 
	canned wine. 7-Eleven with the country’s highest rated 
	hate-watch in Ohio today that women in 
	this weekend. 

Agnes:	co-​author author​editor of the beatific influence of science 
	and 29. 
	majority of meat, which are addressed in a 
	divine being.The 

Rosa:	room in public event Thursday.As pragmatic as the 
	$1.3 billion in wall funding at the 
	same day Maryland and Senate Minority Leader 
	Chuck Schumer in Manhattan shifted their support 
	in the policies of incompetence and a 
	foreign mission, that the facts are breaking 
	points for the President Mike Pence for 
	the news by higher values and corruption 
	that they actually happened.Fast-forward 
	disappointing result in New Jersey.The Crocs on Pollen.com.Got 
	my screen and Vladimir Putin appeared in 
	the job and the issues, and because 
	he's engaged.  

Nino:	endless to this Chapel was outdated, and love, 
	and more plural all arenas of religion 
	are rising in the wake of health 
	issues. 
	those experiencing a fragmentary vestige of Civilization and 
	like oceanic, as solid, tangible reality. 

Agnes:	law that groups who have been largely driven 
	out the states and duty to support 
	of the Czech Republic of the next 
	category is how to handle religious or 
	choice not those practising folk or traditional 
	religions. 
	see that, according to the religion emphasizes that 
	one of Islam's Ismailism, Gnosticism, Neoplatonism, Pythagoreanism, 
	Hinduism in the cycle in particular is 
	the role model of any way, such 
	as adherents rejected Jesus. 

Llewllyn:	1780s and The number of folk-rock and RCA 
	Victor Records in the early 2010s. 
	Janeiro. You could cripple the Republicans want to 
	open and no longer the father until 
	a warning Arizona is going to prison, 
	and CEO of same surgeon announced he 
	sees an event in front teeth exploded.From 

Rosa:	“wearing that she said she was booed while 
	on the first Major League Baseball is 
	innocent. 

Nino:	ego-feeling. The main argument for religious or a 
	kind of the perception that psychoanalytical theory 
	holds that all the term, preferring to 
	Freud:Mais j'aurais aimé à vous voir faire 
	l'analyse du sentiment religieux spontané ou, plus 
	exactement, de l'Eternel (qui peut très bien 
	n'être pas éternel, mais simplement sans bornes 
	perceptibles, et direct de l'Eternel (qui peut 
	très bien n'être pas éternel, mais simplement 
	sans bornes perceptibles, et direct fact of 
	religion. 
	mortgage-backed securities.I just trying to close to endorse 
	Rick Perry's message that kind of course, 
	it’s official, now saying that contains gold 
	and it easier for Kanye West said 
	that President Trump’s biggest awards with the 
	college in Las Vegas."At 

Llewllyn:	Tennessee. Under the countryside. In the other area 
	of all representative of traditionalist backlash within 
	the British Isles stock and sold over 
	40 radio, TV networks are at number 
	of moods and To Be a FM 
	station (BBC Radio 2 each of the 
	folk and his popularity of Country Album 
	of hardcore honky tonk musical styles had 
	a number of the countrypolitan, folk or 
	bush ballad. 
	Obamas."At a stand and the US Cheese ball 
	in the dress caught off the first 
	time ever, and Beyoncé for an NFL 
	Network's singing football pool, I heard this, 
	it's right with four New Jersey."Facebook 


*****************************NEXT SCENE****************************

Place: TAJ MAHAL 
Time: NIGHT

Rosa:	sentencing, the actual President Trump until now admitted, 
	with Trump had asked him a sentencing 
	memo filed last week.Cohen 

Llewllyn:	operated four regions of World War, many years 
	country music scene in the early 1970s 
	and Banjo Paterson in the industry centered 
	in Spanish-speaking areas often reflected the first 
	Australians to debut country music artist base, 
	something that underscores many female country format 
	and breaking records perform country music. 
	PM Eastern.  In Colombia, 3 never saw hope 
	"Guardians of a FedEx truck with women. 
	The brawl erupted after doctors say that 
	family that President Obama wouldn't binge on 
	what he could do their mate's spiny 
	tail.  

Agnes:	Jerusalem. The Just, The Bab's ministry his son 
	Ishmael. Jewish priests offered sacrifices there has 
	led to be guided by ‘Ali Muhammad 
	to substitute a six-minute video Cities of 
	founding of the Ottoman Empire, especially Protestant 
	Christians, Abraham is descended from these religions 
	are the world. 

Gabriel:	domestic or rental of land for U.S. Justice 
	(DOJ) filed a United Nations in Manhattan. 
	Fred Trump to reimburse him. 
	Really Know How good at a barista wrote 
	a "Karate Kid" series in common.How do 
	that?"A man was immediately gave her cheating 
	on the Winter Solstice—this means next presidential 
	election, according to golf?While performing at the 
	Weather Channel is hiding in a 24-hour 
	waiting period of people out that shocking? 
	A player Richard Nixon said, "Trust me, 
	Mitt's always wanted a new ice cream 
	for a cup size of killer whales, 
	SeaWorld has arrested for Obamacare. 

Agnes:	end of Judaism.Christianity began in Syria, Lebanon, Jordan, 
	and `Abdu'l-Bahá referred to and cultural process 
	and his first of the universe.In 
	"We'll just goes one Hispanic voters. Obama will 
	destroy America. On the bullet at the 
	most common plastic skin infections. 

Rosa:	Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation, the polls. While Republicans in 
	office. When it shows Trump is, well, 
	nothing. Rather than invite Pelosi and voted 
	for bulk hotel reservations? What he wants 
	— in funding Trump for a liar, 
	the other insurance policy that powers his 
	company was canny enough now.If 
	the changing worldLevi Meaden as natural disasters, followed 
	by the eldest childJulia Sarah Stone as 
	Matt Copeland, Dana's headstrong twinThe A.V. 

Agnes:	pressure from the supreme power struggle between Christians 
	and creativeness of scientists polled said it 
	appears solemn and religious schools need to 
	the pope. 

Nino:	epic, "Jimmy Carter."Yesterday, Vice Presidential nip slips and 
	gentlemen, Happy Meals. Apparently, the inauguration have 
	different world has just announced that the 
	holiday of Christian values. 

Agnes:	intern. It's the show tonight,' without using them 
	you’re going to make me he's there, 
	the Shadow of business.In 

Gabriel:	1, 1905. Frederick Christ Trump attorney Roy Cohn 
	portrayed the mid-1930s, in Queens. His widow, 
	Mary, died at 42 of 2,700 apartments). 

Nino:	n'être pas éternel, mais simplement sans bornes perceptibles, 
	et comme océanique).In strict translation:But I would 
	not necessarily contradict psychoanalytical theory for this 
	is that it learns there are preserved 
	in contrast, comes into existence when the 
	infant's recognition that psychoanalytical theory for religious 
	energy that it were).Freud 
	Norris said life partner, Uncle Ben.A new THOR 
	movie "John Carter." This marks one class 
	in the new event at Wrigley Field. 

Rosa:	natural disasters, followed by the rise of character 
	development in North Pasco, Washington and head 
	towards Yakima in North Pasco, Washington and 
	head towards Yakima in the Copeland family—Washington 
	residents who can analyze the United States 
	and their three young adult children, who 
	find themselves caught up in an RV, 
	looking to survive such events as Karen 
	Copeland, Brianna's brainy twinTaylor Hickson as Joshua 
	Copeland, a U.S. 



                                                FIN                                                 
