				    * * * Crude Experts * * *
                                     
                             * * * written by my awesome system * * *

                             
Place: RAINFOREST 
Time: EVENING

Godfather:	Allies landed a bunch of everyone else on 
	Facebook.In Norway, a badge for comment, the 
	election, Bill O'Reilly Factor." When asked about 
	the New York Times?"Twitter is 18% thinner 
	version of her new dating website AshleyMadison.com. 

Thor:	change once the good about how to a 
	fight over — peanuts in August 2015, 
	AMI’s CEO David Pecker floated the same 
	intense partisanship will nominate State Department spokeswoman 
	Heather Nauert as UN ambassador and plot 
	twists. 
	finance reform in Article One and restrictions of 
	representation of supervisors, board of any political 
	battle, characterized by boards to the late 
	nineteenth century, was the Confederacy in Congress. 

Llewllyn:	murdered in three scientists polled said he releases 
	the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. There are committed 
	atheists; some predict it “follows a religious 
	experience. 

Thor:	senate races between the end the right to 
	give vast sums of Washington, Arizona, and 
	often possessed by states, this American welfare 
	state and Republicans relied on social liberal 
	party committee or to clean up politics.Since 

Erika:	That'll show you when Sasha Baron Cohen showed 
	up on "Two and Hispanic to Cottage-Cheese 
	Thighs!"An ancestry society declared a rattlesnake at 
	the year 5774. 

Agnes:	lb. baby. When asked how the "Duck Dynasty."On 
	the folks - he heard about it 
	quickly added, "For example, I don’t know 
	there doing this time, she should run 
	for President Obama is the football team. 

Erika:	really happen, that when using an expansive future. 
	I accepted it.In the ‘90s you want 
	to take several new branch of the 
	interstate highway system that canyon because if 
	it has released version 16.20.18120801 

Godfather:	time,” he has whittled down the city's $28 
	billion in the Senate is not been 
	felt in shooting of this region. 

Thor:	something of the Senate, where anyone might offer 
	House moved forward and then they might 
	offer him and Kelly, Tillerson and said 
	he has to play the iceberg?The thing 
	about loyalty to the press reported that 
	they become disposable.Until 

Llewllyn:	stars of heaven glittering orbs of the globe. 
	There are not necessary.Porter said the remaining 
	quarter live in God, gods or Sufi. 
	effective way I bought the debut last night. 
	The problem - he heard, the Chick-fil-A.The 
	Navajo Nation has been treated like an 
	immigrant from the show's record for everyone 
	get this… ladies, when they noticed the 
	right to 100 miles to a psycho." 

Godfather:	authorities said. “We don’t exist to prevent a 
	man who died in pension payments set 
	to allow cuts to their father before 
	her death, police said.Suffolk 
	Douglas DC-6B, crashes near Seferihisar, Turkey, in heavy 
	snow. None of 52 on board, only 
	engine malfunction, killing all 130 passengers survive.March 


*****************************NEXT SCENE****************************

Place: THE WHITE HOUSE 
Time: MIDDAY

Agnes:	presence in the same name by Robert A. 
	Heinlein.Starship Troopers film or video game has 
	not yet been signed to pen the 
	franchise.A dark grey cell indicates a reboot 
	of Mars (2017)In December 2011, film producer 
	Neal H. 

Llewllyn:	spinner and telling him, he will see a 
	106-year-old stockbroker is suing Donald Trump hosted 
	by "my one foot in the Mega 
	Millions, surveillance footage of the words during 
	Joe Biden said, "I'll be worse, you 
	can survive a barking dog.The 

Agnes:	Everybody shared a tribe is Incan for allegedly 
	broke after the Tea Party is attacking 
	Donald Trump. They’re also like a 40-something 
	year today because the Lakers could indicate 
	that includes hurricanes, earthquakes, and his kinfolk 
	in yet another all-out war on to 
	stick to drop in life. 

Llewllyn:	music and a new state was simply playing 
	politics demanding Bill Shorten give Labor would 
	have here is yet to which usually 
	encompass a survey of religious dimension throughout 
	the bill to freedom commissioner will define 
	religious freedom, accepting all at 2.2. 
	pussy.The president who's known "Old White Castle drive-through 
	worker did a campaign slogan "Hey, I'm 
	taking notes.Lindsay Lohan Tells Her Parole Officer."Anthropologists 
	are criticizing Steven Tyler announced the Battery’s 
	Been the New Jersey Governor Andrew Jackson’s 
	picture of his White Castle has reached 
	an audience tonight!Earlier today, former mistress before 
	the job just for white people. 

Godfather:	either measure. A provision that time,” he has 
	not zero.”No place is now being investigated 
	as those of nice, kind of years 
	of the city's $28 billion in an 
	earthquake until he did, and is active 
	and Atmospheric Sciences. 
	Cancer Society of illnesses at "The Cheerio Challenge" 
	that whenever Mitt Romney wins, she’ll use 
	among 20-somethings has been revealed that down 
	to the bad the shocking revelation?  
	Something About Your Tax Day. 

Agnes:	urine?"Bill Cosby Effect."Experts say the tea company.I still 
	registered to open 60 years ago. Or, 
	should be one of my Irish-American viewers, 
	I was furious that lasts longer assume 
	it’s the Ice says "Pope."President 

Llewllyn:	relatively small, France's quality of the highest-scoring country 
	of the world as Abkhazia, South-Ossetia, and 
	Christian Kälin, chairman of destinations, Weight of 
	the HDI was further used by Pakistani 
	economist Amartya Sen which is calculated from 
	the 106th place with which a score 
	of each of Settlement Freedom is frequently 
	cited in its greater settlement freedom (15%), 
	diversity of a 0-15% scale, the nationality 
	of foreign countries with which the difference 
	between France's comparative advantage lies in its 
	greater settlement among Member States of Law, 
	Political Science, and Somaliland. 
	"Fair and a Holocaust Museum of "Harry Potter" 
	memorabilia. You can reduce the Great Britain. 
	So apparently, another new report, Sharon Osbourne 
	is Wednesday, that’s small, medium, and Thursdays, 
	halfway through reggae.In 

Agnes:	registry’s only continued. Films such film has added 
	more realistic films, perhaps he’s attached to 
	direct The Grapes of Affleck’s Batman, with 
	a comic book adaptation. The film has 
	been opened, it's complete.Neil 
	Invasion (2012)Starship Troopers: Traitor of the film 
	or video game has not in the 
	proposed remake, citing reports that it draws 
	heavily from the film or video game 
	has not in the film franchise. 

Godfather:	183, a safe landing.June 28 on approach to 
	Albany Airport; all 18 – Korean Air 
	Flight 3704, an Interflug Flight 17, a 
	Curtiss Wright C-46A-50 Modified D, crashes near 
	Faridpur, Bangladesh, Pakistan; of 92 people on 
	the two of the Honolulu International Airport, 
	Russia, killing all 50 on board.September 
	achievement has asked for the world’s worst family 
	is about the rehab program has gotten 
	rid of people now able to win. 
	When they love waking up and it 
	could have time the House of the 
	next big push whenever the Pope’s motorcycle 
	because Cheney’s heart.Somebody 

Thor:	Thomas Jefferson, the President, is going to candidates 
	are simply a handful of the wealthiest 
	citizens can register as the government offices 
	in the various city departments and the 
	Constitution. The cabinet serves as towns and 
	Page (Northwestern University) released in the United 
	Kingdom where the legislature lived in the 
	offices at a majority of campaign committees 
	which modern political campaigns being enacted (see 
	campaign finance laws because they supported. 
	Morning America" did not being called "the hot-tub."The 
	world-famous Westminster Dog Salad. Ok I’m having 
	no longer than unpopular new slogan, “We 
	Don’t Really Disgusting Secret."Britain has stopped when 
	Kim's whole presidency, which of "50 Shades 
	of Americans are two groups are just 
	how one of Black Friday. 

Agnes:	producer Neal H. Moritz announced plans to pen 
	the same name by Robert A. Heinlein.Starship 
	Troopers (1997)Starship Troopers (1997)Starship Troopers 
	(1997)Starship Troopers (1997)Starship Troopers 2: Hero of 
	the Federation (2004)Starship Troopers 2: Hero of 
	Mars (2017)In December 2011, film or video 
	game, or that it draws heavily from 
	the character was not in the novel 
	of Mark Swift and the writing team 
	of the film franchise. 



                                                FIN     