SPORTS:
NBA superstar Stephen Curry is in a space jam.

The two-time MVP said this week he doesn’t think men have landed on the moon, earning a polite invitation from NASA to show him the lunar landing evidence, CNN reported.

Curry came off like a space cadet Monday on the “Winging It” podcast, asking fellow NBA players Vince Carter, Kent Bazemore and Andre Iguodala: “We ever been to the moon?”

The players responded no, and the Golden State Warriors guard commented: “They’re gonna come get us. I don’t think so either.”

Just to clarify, co-host Annie Finberg asked Curry, “You don’t think so?”

“Nuh-uh,” he answered.

NASA chimed in on the lunacy. 

“There’s lots of evidence NASA landed 12 American astronauts on the Moon from 1969-1972,” NASA spokesman Allard Beutel said in a statement to The New York Times. “We’d love for Mr. Curry to tour the lunar lab at our Johnson Space Center in Houston, perhaps the next time the Warriors are in town to play the Rockets.”

The statement continued: “We have hundreds of pounds of Moon rocks stored there, and the Apollo mission control. During his visit, he can see first-hand what we did 50 years ago, as well as what we’re doing now to go back to the Moon in the coming years, but this time to stay.”

Curry commented, sort of, on Twitter, sharing CNN’s story with a sunglass-wearing emoji. 

Unless Curry was just having some fun, he’s joining Kyrie Irving, who said the Earth was flat, on an NBA all-star team of science deniers.

~

Real Madrid coach Santiago Solari said his team must accept fans whistling when they lose 3-0 at home to CSKA Moscow, adding that he took responsibility for sending out a weakened side for Wednesday's final Group G game as the top spot in the standings had already been secured.

No one at the Bernabeu expected CSKA to complete a home-and-away double over the three-time defending champions thanks to goals from Fedor Chalov, Georgi Schennikov and Arnor Sigurdsson.

There were whistles at both half-time and full-time from angry Bernabeu supporters, with out-of-form senior stars Marcelo and Isco among those to bear the brunt of the fans' frustration.

Asked specifically at the post-match news conference about an incident in which Isco appeared to gesture angrily at critics in the stands, Solari said he had not seen that moment -- but nobody at the club could complain in the fans thought they should have played better tonight.

"Obviously it is frustrating to lose at home, we did not expect that," he said. "Nobody likes whistles, not a player, or the team. But today we were not good, so we must accept the whistles, of course. It is normal for the fans to express themselves, if they do not like the result, what they saw. But we did not like it either. About Marcelo and others coming back from injury, we will work with all the players so they reach their best form."

Marcelo said he tried to give the captain's armband to Isco when he was substituted off, but to no avail.

He told me I had to give it to [Dani] Carvajal. I don't know why," Marcelo said.

The Brazilian also said he did not see Isco gesture to the crowd but called it a "difficult situation" for his teammate.

"It is clear that we must change something. The fans have the right to whistle when they are not happy with someone, they have whistled me too. [Isco] is hurting, as I am. We are a team and will work hard so this does not happen again."

Solari pointed to his team having started the game well, a spell in which Brazilian starlet Vinicius Junior impressed and Marco Asensio hit the crossbar, but admitted they had not reacted well to going behind.

"We began the game well, were very good for the first 30-35 minutes, but were not decisive, lacked precision in the final third, and did not score," he said. "We were not decisive enough either in our own area and in Europe at this level you get punished. And our second half was bad, we did not react well. You can lose a game and do different things, but we did not do that today. I did not like the second half."

Solari took responsibility for a lineup I that included seven players aged 23 or under, and others including Marcelo, Isco and Asensio who had not played much La Liga football lately.

"I took risks with the lineup, that is my responsibility, of course," he said. "I thought it was necessary to give playing time to the younger players, and to those coming back from injury. Other players had to rest. But we expected a different result. We wanted to win tonight, we thought we would, but it was not to be."

Soon after entering as a half-time, substitute Gareth Bale took a knock to his right ankle, but stayed on the pitch until the end as Solari said he had to use his substitutions for other reasons.

"We had to protect Marcelo," he said. "Gareth's [knock] was something he could play through, so he stayed on."

~


Kevin Durant Breaks Down His Trash-Talking Experience With Kobe, Dirk, and KG
The Warriors star returns to ‘The Bill Simmons Podcast’ to discuss trash talk, the rise of Giannis and Zion Williamson, his plans for the summer, and much more

In the latest edition of The Bill Simmons Podcast, Bill sits down with two-time NBA Finals MVP Kevin Durant once again to break down the media coverage of the 2018–19 Warriors, the standout play of Giannis Antetokounmpo and Zion Williamson, the new-look 76ers and Kings, and much more. Part of their conversation centers on KD’s experiences with trash talk on the court — and how some of this generation’s top players have approached using it. Here’s Durant explaining the trash-talk philosophies of Kobe Bryant, Dirk Nowitzki, and Kevin Garnett.

~

 Lamar Jackson will start as quarterback for the Ravens this Sunday when they face the Buccaneers, despite Joe Flacco being cleared to play.

Coach John Harbaugh made the announcement Wednesday, saying Flacco will suit up Sunday, but that Jackson will start.

Some Ravens Fans Still Back Flacco, Believe He’s ‘Established Vet’ That Could Take The Team To Playoffs

“Every decision is based on making us the strongest possible team we can be,” Harbaugh said Wednesday. “Whether it’s quarterback or defensive line, that’s the bottom line. That’s what it boils down to. That’s how we feel about this decision, and we’re rolling.”

Flacco, 33, said he was “disappointed” that he’s now the backup quarterback, but he’ll do what he can to help the team win.

“I’m obviously disappointed I can’t be part of this team in the same capacity that I have been for a long time,” Flacco said. “I can’t say I was surprised.”

He said his time off the field recovering from the hip injury was “very tough for me.”

WJZ Sports Director Mark Viviano asked Flacco if he’s gotten support from his teammates.

Flacco told WJZ they’ve moved on. He learned that three years ago when his knee was injured.

The game goes on without you, he said.

Flacco is now the highest-paid backup quarterback in the NFL.

The last time he was a backup quarterback was at the University of Pittsburgh 14 years ago. He left Pitt to start at the University of Delaware.

Flacco has been a starter for the Ravens since his rookie season in 2008. He’s played in 163 games, starting each one. He was also named Super Bowl MVP in 2012, when the Ravens beat San Francisco.

“There’s a very good chance that we’re going to need Joe Flacco and any other backup player to win us a game,” Harbaugh said. “Everybody is a starter in the National Football League. That’s the way it is.”

Viviano said it’s safe to say Flacco will move on after his 11th season with the Ravens. Where would you want to see him go?

When Jackson was asked whether he considered the Ravens his team, he said, “It’s our team, all of us together.”

~

Steph Curry explains how he was 'obviously joking' about moon comment

Steph Curry got himself into some trouble this week.

On Monday, he was a guest on the podcast "Winging It" with Vince Carter, Kent Bazemore and Annie Finberg (the podcast was recorded last week when the Warriors were in Atlanta), and made some controversial remarks.

After Andre Iguodala referenced a meme that asked how do we know what kind of sounds dinosaurs made, Curry asked, "We ever been to the moon?"

When two people (it sounded like Iguodala and Kent Bazemore) responded with, "Nope," Curry said, "They're gonna come get us, (but) I don't think so either ... sorry, I don't want to start a conspiracy."

Finberg then asked, "You don't think so?" and Curry responded with "Unh-uh," as in "No."

Today, Curry told Nick Friedell of ESPN that he will 'one thousand percent' accept the invite from NASA.

"Obviously I was joking when I was talking on the podcast," Curry said. "I was silently protesting how stupid it was that people actually took that quote and made it law as, 'Oh my God, he's a fake-moon-landing truther,' whatever you want to call it, yada, yada, yada. So I was silently protesting that part about it, how the story took a life of its own.  

"But in terms of the reaction that I've gotten, I am definitely going to take [NASA] up on their offer. I am going to educate myself firsthand on everything that NASA has done and shine a light on their tremendous work over the years. And hopefully people understand that education is power, informing yourself is power.

"For kids out there that hang on every word that we say, which is important, understand that you should not believe something just because somebody says it. You should do your homework and understand what you actually believe.

"But I'm going to go to NASA and I'm going to enjoy the experience wholeheartedly."

Without diving too deep into this -- it's hard to believe that Curry was joking. Let's leave it at that...

~

NFL special counsel Todd Jones says league won't pay for videos in investigations

The NFL does not plan to change its investigative procedures, despite questions that arose about the Kareem Hunt probe, and will not start paying for videos or other information.

"I think that is not likely at all, for a number of reasons," NFL special counsel for conduct Todd Jones told reporters Wednesday at the owners meetings in Dallas. "Not the least of which is you all have a journalistic privilege, you all have First Amendment protections. You all can get information from sources and wrap it up in sort of like 'sources.' We don't have that luxury."

Hunt was released by the Kansas City Chiefs last month after video of him shoving and kicking a woman in a Cleveland hotel in February was posted on the TMZ website. No charges were filed following the incident, and the NFL imposed no discipline on the star running back after an initial investigation.

The NFL viewed police documents and spoke with local investigators but had not seen the video until it was posted on TMZ on Nov. 30. The league's investigators requested the video from the hotel but were told they would need a subpoena to see it.

"There is information out there in this surveillance society that we can't get when we need it, and when we get it, we act on it," Jones said.

"To become mercenary and pay for videos opens up a Pandora's box of all kinds of opportunities and things that may come to us, from not just surveillance video in public places or surveillance video in residences. You're talking about the world of social media and everybody on a smartphone, as TMZ's in the business of doing, is buying people's smartphone snippets for a fee, and the NFL's not going there."

Commissioner Roger Goodell reiterated that, saying "First off, we don't pay for video evidence. From our standpoint, we think that is not appropriate for a league organization to do that. We contacted not only the housing development in this case immediately, we also contacted the police department. So we have taken material that we have access to.

"We look to do that, but we are not going to do that by corrupting people. Or trying to find a way to bribe them in giving us video. That's not what we do."

The league instituted changes to its policies in 2014, after TMZ posted video of former Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice punching his then-fiancée in a hotel elevator in Atlantic City, New Jersey. The league was harshly criticized for being too lenient on Rice. The changes gave the league the power to conduct its own investigations of players accused of criminal misconduct.

Hunt was placed on the commissioner's exempt list on Nov. 30, but the league has not yet handed down any discipline. The current investigation is ongoing, Jones said.

next_category
FILM:
In a new Black Panther featurette that’s been released ahead of the film’s awards season push, fans are treated to additional behind-the-scenes insights from the cast and crew about how Wakanda was created and brought to life. As the highest-grossing MCU film to date domestically, the video provides further context for audiences, and content that continues to build out the universe.

Directed and co-written by Ryan Coogler, Black Panther offered viewers a modern African hero, and a glimpse at what an un-colonized Africa might look like. Starring Chadwick Boseman as Prince T'Challa, heir to the secretly advanced kingdom of Wakanda, the film follows his journey as he attempts to lead his nation toward a new future while confronting the challenges created by the country's past mistakes - including fan-favorite adversary Erik Killmonger, played by Michael B. Jordan. Earning more than $700 million in the U.S. and nearly $1.35 billion worldwide, Black Panther was a historic success that has created steep expectations and pressure for Coogler to deliver a fantastic sequel.

The Marvel Entertainment featurette, entitled "Welcome to Wakanda," takes another look at the world the film created, and includes fresh interviews with the cast and crew of Black Panther discussing what making it meant to them. In the video, Angela Bassett, who plays T’Challa’s mother Ramonda, touches on the way in which the film “reaches to the heart of the histories we’ve read about our people,” and Coogler is given an opportunity to drive his vision home with this quote:

Wakanda represents for us… Africa. Like a fantasy of what could be if African people had control over their own resources. And the idea was that it was more technologically advanced than anybody could imagine. Going to Africa was extremely important for us because we took direct inspiration from places on the continent.

In addition to commercial success, Black Panther’s ability to highlight socially relevant themes and topics helped it become a cultural movement beyond what is usually seen from a comic book adaptation. The film created a rich narrative and world that was appreciated by fans and critics alike, which continues to receive recognition as awards season rolls around. Already, the film has received nominations from the Golden Globes, Critics’ Choice Awards, and an Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture bid from the Screen Actors Guild (SAG) awards. The film’s success has also allegedly altered the composition of future MCU entries, with reports suggesting that there were Avengers: Endgame reshoots that specifically added more of Black Panther and Wakanda.

With all the hype surrounding Black Panther, it could be difficult for Coogler and the cast to meet fans’ absurd expectations for the sequel. That being said, winning a few awards - and potentially an Oscar - might make it a bit easier for them to take on the challenge.

~

Robert Rodriguez won’t confirm reports he’s attached to direct the remake of Escape From New York. John Carpenter’s 1981 original is considered a classic and starred Kurt Russell as Snake Plissken, a dangerous criminal sent into the futuristic prison of New York to rescue the president. The movie’s bleak, atmospheric look and synth score proved to be a big influence on the genre, inspiring everything from Cloverfield to video game franchise Metal Gear Solid.

Russell and Carpenter reunited for Escape From L.A. in 1996, but following that film’s underwhelming box office performance plans for a third entry titled Escape From Earth were scrapped. A remake of Escape From New York has been trapped in development hell for over a decade, with various directors and actors like Gerard Butler being attached over the years. Screenwriter Neil Cross wrote the most recent draft of the script, which met with John Carpenter’s approval last year.

A report in March 2017 named Robert Rodriguez as the director of the remake, though it was never officially confirmed. During a recent Alita: Battle Angel Q&A (via Mr H Reviews) an audience member asked Rodriguez about his involvement with Escape From New York. While Rodriguez showered both Carpenter and the original movie with praise, he didn’t confirm or deny his involvement.

Well, I can’t really say. I’m a huge Escape From New York fan. I like the rumors, I’d love to do Escape From New York. That was the first film that got me interested in filmmaking.

Rodriguez has often cited Escape From New York as the film that inspired him to become a director, and he’s paid homage to it in Grindhouse and Machete. His non-committal answer regarding the remake could mean the project is still being developed or perhaps he’s no longer attached. Or maybe he’s just been focused on finishing the VFX intensive Alita: Battle Angel, and he’ll turn his attention back to Escape once it's complete.

Neil Cross’ Escape From New York screenplay is said to change New York from a prison to shiny utopia guarded by A.I. and drones, and Snake has 11 hours to complete his mission before a huge storm hits the city. A reboot of Carpenter’s Big Trouble In Little China is also in development with Dwayne Johnson starring. It’s been confirmed the new movie will continue the story of the original, but while some fans hoped this could mean the potential return of Kurt Russell’s Jack Burton, the actor seemed to rule that out in a recent interview.

~

A new report suggests the next draft for Matt Reeves’ The Batman will be submitted before the end of the year. While Ben Affleck’s portrayal of Bruce Wayne/Batman has been generally well received in the DCEU, the movies themselves haven’t been so well regarded. His debut in Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice was met with critical scorn, with common complaints revolving around the movie’s dour tone and unintentionally funny moments like the now infamous "Martha" scene.

Unfortunately Justice League suffered mixed-to-negative reviews as well, with the movie being lambasted for its weak story, bad CGI and the awkward clash of tones between original helmer Zack Snyder and his replacement Joss Whedon. Affleck also made a brief appearance in 2016’s Suicide Squad, but his future in the role has been in question for some time. Conflicting reports have had him leaving and staying at different points with no official announcement being made either way.

Affleck was also set to write and direct The Batman before he stepped aside and was replaced by Matt Reeves. Reports suggest Reeves’ concept for the movie will be an origin tale focusing on the early days of Affleck’s Batman, with a younger actor stepping into the role. Warner Bros is said to be very keen on Reeves’ script, and now a report by Umberto Gonzalez suggests the next draft is almost complete.

Reeves has shown with both Cloverfield and War For The Planet Of The Apes that he knows how to handle character-based blockbusters. Reeves is keen to focus on the detective side of Batman, which hasn’t really been explored in past movies. If reports of The Batman focusing on a younger version of Bruce Wayne are true, there’s still wiggle room for Affleck to make some kind of cameo appearance - should he wish to continue with the franchise.

Rumors suggest The Batman could be eyeing a summer 2019 production start date, so the status of the project should be clarified sometime in early 2019. It’s an encouraging sign that the studio is really taking the time to develop a script for the movie, and taking on board the criticisms leveled at previous DC projects that were rushed into development.

Aside from The Batman, DC’s future slate is looking strong, with Wonder Woman 1984, Birds Of Prey and the Joaquin Phoenix Joker movie all on the horizon.

~

This year, film classics Jurassic Park, The Shining, Brokeback Mountain, and many others have been added to the National Film Registry. In its annual induction of 25 films deemed culturally and historically significant enough to make the cut, the Library of Congress has elected to preserve these and other classics in its collection. These films join a curated collection of almost 500 other preserved works. Other notable titles the National Film Registry has added to its ranks over the past three decades include the original versions of Star Wars, War of the Worlds, Scarface, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Wizard of Oz, as well as such film history titans as Citizen Kane, Gone with the Wind, The Grapes of Wrath, Rosemary's Baby, and Casablanca.

The National Film Registry was established in 1988 and is maintained by the nonprofit National Film Preservation Board. Its mission is to preserve American film history, making it is an immense honor for filmmakers to have their works immortalized in the hallowed list.

This is neither Spielberg’s nor Kubrick’s first films to appear on the registry; last year, Kubrick’s Spartacus joined his 1991 selection 2001: A Space Odyssey on the list, while a whopping five Spielberg-directed titles have been chosen by the National Film Preservation Board since E.T. the Extraterrestrial was inducted in 1994. Meanwhile, this is Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon director Lee’s National Film Registry debut, and his Brokeback Mountain joins Wayne Wang’s Chan is Missing as one of the registry’s only films directed by Asian Americans.

This follows the National Film Registry’s increasing trend of diversity not only in terms of its films’ genre, style, and theme, but in terms of directorial representation. Other directors included in the 2018 inductee list are African American women Kasi Lemmons (Eve’s Bayou) and Ayoka Chenzira (Hair Piece: A Film for Nappy Headed People) and Native American Chris Eyre (Smoke Signals). It’s uncertain whether or not this trend will continue or reverse when 2019’s registry inductees are announced, but until then film buffs have a solid and varied list of 25 American classics to marathon.

~

Pixar officially announces their next animated movie Onward, which stars Chris Pratt and Tom Holland, will be released in 2020. The studio's focus on sequels is winding down after Toy Story 4 and will return them to their roots of generating new inventive worlds, and now we know that Onward will be next up.

Since being bought by Disney in 2006, Pixar's successful run has only continued. Films such as Monsters Inc., Cars, Finding Nemo, and more have all been turned into franchises, but it has been Pixar's original concepts that have been their brightest spots. Up, Inside Out, and Coco represent some of the top-tier animated movies that the studio has produced. But, the studio has recently undergone some major changes with John Lasseter leaving Pixar following allegations of misconduct. Pete Docter is taking the reins of Pixar for the foreseeable future and they've just confirmed their next film.

Pixar officially announced today their next original animated movie is titled Onward. This is the mysterious project previously announced to be directed by Dan Scanlon (Monsters University). Lending their voices to the cast are Chris Pratt, Tom Holland, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, and Octavia Spencer. The film will hit theaters on March 6, 2020 and the plot focuses on "two teenage elf brothers who embark on an extraordinary quest to discover if there is still a little magic left out there." Pratt and Holland will voice the brothers.

Since Disney loves to continue using actors they're familiar with, the castings of Pratt and Holland make a lot of sense, as both are stars of major MCU franchises. Pratt plays Star-Lord and leads the Guardians of the Galaxy franchise, while Holland plays Peter Parker in the Spider-Man franchise that Disney and Marvel are working on with Sony. Pratt and Holland also have experience voicing animated characters already, with Pratt leading The LEGO Movie and Holland's upcoming roles in Spies in Disguise and Voyage of Doctor Dolittle, and just starred together in Avengers: Infinity War.

Additionally, this will make for Louis-Dreyfus' return to Pixar after she voiced Atta in A Bug's Life. She's currently wrapping up her HBO series Veep. Spencer also has an in with Disney already through her role in Zootopia, but she also recently had a strong run of roles in Instant Family, The Shape of Water, and Hidden Figures. Their roles have not yet been revealed for Onward, but the fantasy landscape at its core make the possibilities endless.

Even though these are the only four stars announced so far, more cast members should be revealed as we near Onward's release date. We're still probably quite a few months away at this point from getting a trailer, but Disney could conceivably release one next summer to attach to Toy Story 4.

~

With Christmas Day being on a Tuesday this year, many families are gearing up for an epic holiday celebration all weekend long, leading into Christmas Eve/Day. There will be lights, Christmas music, and a whole lot of food. But with so much time to spare until old Saint-Nic arrives, there's only so much a family can do. With some time on their hands, heading to the movies as a family is the perfect way to see something new as a unit (while spending $20 on a small popcorn). From action to comedy to comic book-inspired, we've got the top 10 movies to see Christmass weekend when you have some time to kill.

Kicking the weekend off right, Welcome to Marwen's opening day is on Friday, the 21st. Starring Steve Carell (Mark Hogancamp), it's based off the 2010 documentary, Marwencol. After admitting that Mark enjoys being a cross-dresser, he's attacked by a group of burly men and left for dead. Magically, he survived and is now picking up the pieces of his "new" adult life. Not being able to do some of the things he used to do, Hogancamp (Carrell) now spends his time creating mini-figurines of WWII soldiers; soldiers based off people he actually knows. The movie is a combination of real-time and Toy Story-esque shooting, making it one of the most intriguing movies to come out this Christmas.

The time is now! Aquaman is officially here! Starring Jason Momoa and Amber Heard, the long-awaited movie follows how Aquaman came to be. As a member of the DC Universe, Momoa (who stars as Arthur, aka Aquaman) will give you chills as he says "I am the protector the deep" in the movie's trailer. After learning about the underwater kingdom of Atlantis, Arthur trains his entire life to become the hero Atlantis is looking for. The movie also features other big names like Nicole Kidman (Athena), Willem Dafoe (Vulko), and Patrick Wilson (King Orm), which shows how many brilliant minds are behind this James Wan film.

Everyone knows BumbleBee as the adorable superhero from the Transformer's franchise; but now, he's getting a movie all on his own. Starting at the beginning in 1987, BumbleBee lands on earth and is found by Hailee Steinfeld's Charlie Watson. After repairing the beat-up Volkswagen Beetle, Charlie learns that this is no normal car — this is a transformer named BumbleBee. Repairing BumbleBee, however, accidentally signals Decepticons Shatter and Dropkick where he's located. From there, the race is on from the government to find safety. Releasing on the Friday before Christmas, the movie also stars WWE superstar John Cena, Justin Theroux, and Dylan O'Brien as the voice of BumbleBee himself.

If you're more into darker, more realistic films, perhaps Cold War is your go-to movie on Christmas weekend. This love story could be the perfect date night movie before heading off to look at holiday lights. Giving the crowd a vintage feel, the entire movie is shot in black and white. Based in the 1950s after the Cold War, completely different people find love in a hopeless place. With times being tough in Europe, Joanna Kulig's Zula and Tomasz Kot's Wiktor go through the wringer in their relationship and can't seem to stay away from one another. Directed and written by Canne's Film Festival's Best Director, Pawel Pawlikowski, Cold War takes you back in time beautifully.

Attention all Step Brothers fans, this movie is for you! Holmes and Watson stars comedians Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly as the classic duo, Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson. Known as the "greatest detective of all time," Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson are on a mission to save the queen from an assassin. Known for his odd yet brilliant ways of solving crime, Ferrell's Holmes will make you laugh out loud while also scratching your head. As it is with ever Ferrell and Reilly film, you'll be sure to have the giggles while watching these two try to save the queen. Directed by Etan Cohen, the movie also showcases the talents of Ralph Fiennes (Lord Voldemort in the Harry Potter series), Kelly MacDonald, and Rebecca Hall.

Houston, I think we have a hit on our hands. On the Basis of Sex is a true story based off Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Based in the '60s and '70s, Bader Ginsburg graduates from Harvard Law School while battling sexism to accomplish her dreams. Sick and tired of allowing her gender to interfere with her passions and way of life, she teams up with her husband to fight for equality. With Felicity Jones portraying an inspiring Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Armie Hammer acting as her husband, Marin D. Ginsburg, these two will give inspiration and praise to those seeing it come Christmas Day.

Nicole Kidman stars as former LAPD cop Erin Bell, need we say more? Destroyer revolves around a young Kidman who goes undercover with a California gang. When her position goes up in flames with negative consequences, Bell's life is affected forever. Many years later, however, the leader of that gang emerges, am Bell finds herself needing to confront the past in order to make peace in the present.

Many critics have praised Kidman for her work, saying it's the best she's ever done. In fact, she already won an award at the Noir Film Festival for her efforts, and something tells me more is on the way.

This is the intriguing tale of Dick Cheney and his goal of becoming the Vice President of the United States. Starring acting legend Christian Bale as Cheney, Vice shows him working with former President of the United States, George W. Bush, to come together for the country. With Amy Adams acting as Dick's wife, Lynne Cheney, Steve Carell acting as Donald Rumsfeld, and Sam Rockwell as George W. Bush, this movie is quite possibly Oscar territory. The quietly smart tale will give viewers an inside view of the man behind the title who's presence we still see today

The holiday season brings a ton of new movies to our screens every year. Some are horror-based while others are holiday-themed, but there's nothing like a good romantic comedy to leave you feeling good on this magical weekend. Second Act features Jennifer Lopez (Maya) as she pretends her way into a job that's over her head. After working for a low-paying, meaningless job, Maya proves to herself and others that you can do anything you want in life regardless of a college degree. It's funny, lighthearted, and sheds a light on the world of working for "the man."

Once all the gifts have been opened, it's time to head to the movies to see If Beale Street Could Talk before dinner. With the same filmmaker as the hit Moonlight, this film shows a woman in a desperate plea to prove her fiance is innocent of murder. Kiki Layne steals the show as Tish Rivers, with Stephan James as Alonzo Hunt. Based off James Baldwin's novel of the same name, Tish finds herself in a predicament when she finds out she's pregnant while her fiance is in a prison cell. With the help of her family, her deep love for her partner, and faith in the truth, this movie is bound to make you feel all the feels.

next_category
RELIGION:

Coalition to unveil new laws to guard religious freedom but stalls on LGBT students

Government to accept recommendations in Ruddock review with law that will be similar to those prohibiting racial and sexual discrimination

The Morrison government has promised to prohibit discrimination against religious people but has delayed a decision on one contentious issue, with a further review planned on discrimination against LGBT students and school staff.

In a surprise twin announcement, Scott Morrison and attorney general Christian Porter revealed the Coalition will create a commonwealth integrity commission and released its response to the Ruddock review into religious freedom, accepting all 20 of its recommendations at least in-principle but sending five to a further review.

In 2019 the Coalition will release a religious discrimination bill to protect people from being discriminated against on the ground of religion.

The Morrison government will also move a separate omnibus bill to amend other discrimination laws to provide “equal status” to freedom of religion alongside the right to non-discrimination.

Morrison said he was “looking to legislate before the election” and called on Labor to support the religious discrimination bill, which he framed as a safeguard for multiculturalism in Australia given the high rates of religious belief in some migrant communities.

Porter said the bill would “not necessarily be very contentious” because it “follows a very standard architecture” for other federal discrimination laws.

The law will define religious belief as a protected attribute in the same way federal law prohibits racial and sexual discrimination but will not include an equivalent of section 18C that prohibits speech that offends, insults or humiliates a person based on their race.

A religious freedom commissioner will be appointed to the Australian Human Rights Commission to handle religious discrimination complaints.

Porter said it was “wise and very useful” to appoint a new commissioner despite the Ruddock review recommending it was not necessary.

Porter said the government will ask the Australian Law Reform Commission to review five Ruddock review recommendations dealing with how to balance the rights of non-discrimination of LGBT students and staff with religious schools’ right to “maintain conduct and teaching in accordance with their faith”.

Porter noted that both the government and the Ruddock review had proposed ways to balance those rights, but parliament had been unable to settle the protection of LGBT students.

He expressed hope the ALRC would “produce specific drafting that may be capable of bipartisan support”.

Morrison said the omnibus bill would deal with “administrative tidy-ups” on “uncontentious issues” including amending the Charities Act to ensure that groups who say marriage is between a man and a woman are not stripped of their charitable status. That bill will also clarify that religious schools need not provide their facilities to same-sex couples hoping to marry there.

Guardian Australia understands Coalition conservatives and the backbench attorney-general’s committee were not consulted on the response but accept the ALRC review may be necessary because the reforms are in the “too-hard basket” without a further independent process to act as a circuit-breaker.

However there are concerns that sitting on the report – handed to the government in May – has pushed the contentious issue closer to the election.

Bill Shorten told reporters in Melbourne that Labor would have to see the laws before committing to support them, but the opposition “supports religious freedom”.

“I thought the first cab off the rank … was going to be removing discrimination against children,” he said. “Unfortunately, Mr Morrison is now proposing a review that takes another year.”

Shorten criticised Morrison for delaying the release of the Ruddock review, but said Labor and the Coalition can “sit down and work on this together”. “I think we can come up with the right answers.”

LGBT rights groups agree in theory that discrimination on the basis of religion should be outlawed but have warned that the law must be a “shield not a sword” against LGBTI people.

Phillip Ruddock, the head of the review panel, told Guardian Australia the panel had “looked for examples of questionable conduct” by religious institutions but found examples of them discriminating against LGBT students and staff “few and far apart and ill-defined”.

Ruddock said the panel had recommended that any institution that wants to rely on religious exemptions to discrimination law should publish a policy beforehand, confirming leaks in October that revealed the panel had recommended entrenching the right to discriminate, subject to certain safeguards.

Widespread backlash after the leak forced Morrison to promise to protect LGBT students from discrimination. But an impasse with Labor over measures to allow school rules to continue discrimination prevented any legislation passing in the final sittings of parliament.

~

Prime Minister Scott Morrison will take a proposal for a dedicated religious discrimination act to the next election, as he releases the findings of a lengthy review into the nation's religious freedoms.
Key points:

    The federal Coalition will introduce a dedicated religious discrimination act if re-elected next year
    Malcolm Turnbull initiated a review into religious freedoms following the same-sex marriage survey
    The Federal Government has now accepted 15 of 20 recommendations from the review

Coalition MPs have been agitating for such legislation for some time, particularly in the wake of last year's decision to legalise same-sex marriage.

The inquiry into religious freedoms was commissioned by former prime minister Malcolm Turnbull, with the former Liberal minister Philip Ruddock steering the review.

Its findings were delivered to the Government months ago, and sections have been leaked over subsequent weeks, fuelling debate over the need for further protections of religious expression.

The Federal Government has accepted around 15 of the 20 recommendations of the review, including for a dedicated piece of legislation to enshrine protections for religion.

"The protections that have been afforded to ensure anti-discrimination against a person on the basis of their religion, or choice not to have a religion, would be set out in the way that those anti-discrimination protections already exist in relation to other issues such as ethnicity, gender and so on," Mr Morrison announced in Sydney.

He argued protection of religious belief was particularly relevant in Australia because of the nation's multicultural society.

A proposal for a religious discrimination commissioner, to sit within the Australian Human Rights Commission, will also be adopted.

The Government will continue to consult with the states and territories on the five recommendations it has yet to agree to, also referring the matters to the Australian Law Reform Commission for advice due in the second half of 2019.

One of those issues is how to deal with potential discrimination against LGBTIQ students at religious schools from discrimination.

Mr Morrison committed to passing legislation by the end of the year to protect such students, after leaks from the Ruddock review during the Wentworth by-election.

But negotiations with the Federal Opposition broke down last week, as Labor argued the proposal drafted by the Government would replace one form of discrimination with another.

The Prime Minister continued to attack Labor on the issue, suggesting the Opposition was simply playing politics demanding Bill Shorten give Labor members a conscience vote on the issue.

~

Religion is a word which refers to approaches to human spirituality which usually encompass a set of narratives, symbols, beliefs and practices, often with a supernatural or transcendent quality, which give meaning to the practitioner's experiences of life through reference to a higher power or truth. It may be expressed through prayer, ritual, meditation, music and art, among other things. It may focus on specific supernatural, metaphysical, and moral claims about reality (the cosmos and human nature) which may yield a set of religious laws, ethics, and a particular lifestyle. Religion also encompasses ancestral or cultural traditions, writings, history, and mythology, as well as personal faith and religious experience. The term "religion" refers to both the personal practices related to communal faith and to group rituals and communication stemming from shared conviction. 

By religion I do not mean outward things, but inward states, I mean perfected manhood. I mean the quickening of the soul by the beatific influence of the divine Spirit in truth, and love, and sympathy, and confidence, and trust.
        

In short, in whatever light we view religion, it appears solemn and venerable. It is a temple full of Majesty, to which the worshiper may approach with comfort, in the hope of obtaining grace and finding mercy; but where they cannot enter without being inspired with awe. If we may be permitted to compare spiritual with natural things, religion resembles not those scenes of natural beauty where every object smiles. It cannot be likened to the gay landscape or the flowery field. It resembles more the august and sublime appearances of Nature; the lofty mountain, the expanded ocean, and the starry firmament; at the sight of which the mind is at once overawed and delighted; and, from the union of grandeur with beauty, derives a pleasing but a serious emotion.
       
    I went to the Garden of Love
    And saw what I never had seen:
    A Chapel was built in the midst,
    Where I used to play on the green.

    And The Gates of this Chapel were shut,
    And "Thou Shalt Not" writ over the door...

    And Priests in black gowns were walking their rounds,
    And binding with briars my joys & desires.
       
No mere man since the Fall, is able in this life perfectly to keep the commandments.
      
At the center of religion is love. I love you and I forgive you. I am like you and you are like me. I love all people. I love the world. I love creating. Everything in our life should be based on love.
      

What we have here is a war--the war of matter and spirit... The war of banks and religion. Banks are the temples of America. This is a holy war. Our economy is our religion.
      

You humans, most of you, subscribe to this policy of an eye for an eye, a life for a life, which is known throughout the universe for its… stupidity. Even your Buddha and your Christ had quite a different vision; but nobody's paid much attention to them, not even the Buddhists or the Christians.
        

It were endless to enumerate all the passages both in the sacred and profane writers, which establish the general sentiment of mankind, concerning the inseparable union of a sacred and reverential awe, with our ideas of the divinity. Hence the common maxim, primos in orbe deos fecit timor [fear brought the first gods into the world]. This maxim may be, as I believe it is, false with regard to the origin of religion. The maker of the maxim saw how inseparable these ideas were, without considering that the notion of some great power must be always precedent to our dread of it. But this dread must necessarily follow the idea of such a power, when it is once excited in the mind. It is on this principle that true religion has, and must have, so large a mixture of salutary fear; and that false religions have generally nothing else but fear to support them.

People differ in their discourse and profession about these matters, but men of sense are really but of one religion. — "What religion?" — the Earl said, "Men of sense never tell it."
       
    An Atheist's laugh's a poor exchange
    For Deity offended!

    God knows I'm no the thing I should be,
    Nor am I even the thing I could be,
    But twenty times I rather would be
    An atheist clean,
    Than under gospel colours hid be,
    Just for a screen.
        
    All Faith is false, all Faith is true:
    Truth is the shattered mirror strewen
    In myriad bits; while each believes
    his little bit the whole to own.
      
    It is only religion, the great bond of love and duty to God, that makes any existence valuable or even tolerable. Without this, to live were only to graze.… Without this, the beauties of the world are but splendid gewgaws, the stars of heaven glittering orbs of ice, and, what is yet far worse and colder, the trials of existence profitless and unadulterated miseries.
       
    What but the mighty mastership of religion has ever led a people up through civil wars and revolutions into a regenerated order and liberty? What has planted colonies for a great history but religion? The most august and beautiful structures of the world have been temples of religion; crystallizations, we may say, of worship. The noblest charities, the best fruits of learning, the richest discoveries, the best institutions of law and justice, every greatest thing the world has seen, represents more or less directly the fruitfulness and creativeness of religious talents. 

~

How many believers are there around the world?

If you think religion belongs to the past and we live in a new age of reason, you need to check out the facts: 84% of the world’s population identifies with a religious group. Members of this demographic are generally younger and produce more children than those who have no religious affiliation, so the world is getting more religious, not less – although there are significant geographical variations.

According to 2015 figures, Christians form the biggest religious group by some margin, with 2.3 billion adherents or 31.2% of the total world population of 7.3 billion. Next come Muslims (1.8 billion, or 24.1%), Hindus (1.1 billion, or 15.1%) and Buddhists (500 million, or 6.9%).

The next category is people who practise folk or traditional religions; there are 400m of them, or 6% of the global total. Adherents of lesser-practised religions, including Sikhism, Baha’i and Jainism, add up to 58m, or well below 1%. There are 14m Jews in the world, about 0.2% of the global population, concentrated in the US and Israel.

But the third biggest category is missing from the above list. In 2015, 1.2 billion people in the world, or 16%, said they have no religious affiliation at all. This does not mean all those people are committed atheists; some – perhaps most – have a strong sense of spirituality or belief in God, gods or guiding forces, but they don’t identify with or practise an organised religion.

A key proponent of the incompatibility of science and religion is Richard Dawkins, the British evolutionary biologist, who has ridiculed creation and intelligent design theories.

But according to Rowan Williams, the former archbishop of Canterbury, efforts to pit science against religion are a “phoney war”. A YouGov poll carried out last year found that only 16% of believers accept the creation myth.

Another survey of 3,000 science, medical, technical, and engineering professionals in the UK, Germany and France, commissioned by the Scientific and Medical Network, found that 25% described themselves as atheists, and 45% as religious or spiritual.

Professor Eric Priest, a mathematician and a former president of the Royal Astronomical Society, said the supposed conflict between science and spirituality was outdated, and many scientists had “a more subtle, nuanced view of the relationship, and recognise that questioning, imagination, creativity, reason, faith and community are common features of both science and religion”.

In the US, a survey of scientists in 2009 found they were roughly half as likely as the general public to believe in God or a higher power. One in three scientists said they believed in God compared with 83% of the general population. Just under half the scientists polled said they had no religious affiliation, compared with only 17% of the public.

Jennifer Wiseman, a Christian astrophysicist and director of Dialogue on Science, Ethics and Religion, a programme of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, told ABC News that science was a “wonderful tool for understanding the physical universe” but religious belief provides answers to bigger philosophical questions in life. “We are physically connected to the universe and I think we have a deeper connection as well.”

Almost all religions have subdivisions. Christians can be Roman Catholic (the biggest group with almost 1.3 billion adherents), Protestants, Eastern Orthodox, Greek Orthodox, Anglican or many other sub-denominations. Muslims might be Sunni (the majority), Shia, Ibadi, Ahmadiyya or Sufi. Hinduism has four main groups: Vaishnavism, Shaivism, Shaktism and Smartism. There are two main traditions in Buddhism – Theravāda and Mahayana, each with subgroups. Jews can be Orthodox (or ultra-Orthodox), Conservative, Reform or belong to smaller groups.

Geography is important in religion. Asia-Pacific is the most populous region in the world, and also the most religious. It is home to 99% of Hindus, 99% of Buddhists, and 90% of those practising folk or traditional religions. The region also hosts 76% of the world’s religiously unaffiliated people, 700m of whom are Chinese.

Three-quarters of religious people live in a country where they form a majority of the population; the remaining quarter live as religious minorities. For example, 97% of Hindus live in three Hindu-majority countries: India, Mauritius and Nepal, while 87 %% of Christians live in 157 Christian-majority countries. Three-quarters of Muslims live in Muslim-majority countries. Among the religiously unaffiliated, seven out of 10 live in countries where they are in the majority, including China, the Czech Republic and North Korea.

In contrast, most Buddhists (72%) live as a minority in their home countries. There are seven countries where Buddhists form the majority of the population: Bhutan, Myanmar, Cambodia, Laos, Mongolia, Sri Lanka and Thailand.
Which religions are growing, and where?

The short answer is religion is on the wane in western Europe and North America, and it’s growing everywhere else.

The median age of the global population is 28. Two religions have a median age below that: Muslims (23) and Hindus (26). Other main religions have an older median age: Christians, 30; Buddhists, 34 and Jews, 36. The religiously unaffiliated come in at 34.

Islam is the fastest-growing religion in the world – more than twice as fast as the overall global population. Between 2015 and 2060, the world’s inhabitants are expected to increase by 32%, but the Muslim population is forecast to grow by 70%. And even though Christians will also outgrow the general population over that period, with an increase of 34% forecast mainly thanks to population growth in sub-Saharan Africa, Christianity is likely to lose its top spot in the world religion league table to Islam by the middle of this century.

Hindus are set to grow by 27%, and Jews by 15% mainly because of the high birth rate among the ultra-Orthodox. The religiously unaffiliated will see a 3% increase. But proportionately, these religious groupings will be smaller than now because their growth is lower than the increase in the overall global population. And Buddhists are forecast to see a 7% drop in their numbers.

It’s mainly down to births and deaths, rather than religious conversion. Muslim women have an average of 2.9 children, significantly above the average of all non-Muslims at 2.2. And while Christian women have an overall birth rate of 2.6, it’s lower in Europe where Christian deaths outnumbered births by nearly 6 million between 2010 and 2015. In recent years, Christians have had a disproportionately large share of the world’s deaths (37%).

And while the religiously unaffiliated currently make up 16% of the global population, only about 10% of the world’s newborns were born to religiously unaffiliated mothers between 2010 and 2015.

But 23% of American Muslims say they are converts to the faith, and in recent years there has been growing anecdotal evidence of Muslim refugees converting to Christianity in Europe.

China has seen a huge religious revival in recent years and some predict it will have the world’s largest Christian population by 2030. The number of Chinese Protestants has grown by an average of 10 % annually since 1979, to between 93 million and 115 million, according to one estimate. There are reckoned to be another 10-12 million Catholics.

In contrast, Christianity is in decline in Western Europe. In Ireland, traditionally a staunchly Catholic country, the proportion of people identifying with Catholicism fell from 84.2% to 78.3% between the two censuses of 2011 and 2016, and down to 54% among people aged between 16 and 29. Those with no religious affiliation increased to 9.8% – a jump of 71.8% in five years.

In Scotland, another country steeped in religious tradition, a majority of people, 59%, now identify as non-religious – with significantly more women (66%) than men (55%) turning away from organised faith. Seven in 10 people under the age of 44 said they were non-religious; the only age group in which the majority are religiously affiliated is the over-65s.
What about theocratic states?

The Islamic Republic of Iran is probably the one that springs to mind first. Until the 1979 revolution, the country was ruled by the Shah, or monarch. But the leader of the new state was the Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, who implemented a political system based on Islamic beliefs and appointed the heads of the judiciary, military and media. He was succeeded in 1989 by Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. There is an elected president, currently Hassan Rouhani, who is considered a moderate, reformist figure. Iran is one of only two countries in the world that reserves seats in its legislature for religious clerics (the other is the UK).

Other Islamic theocracies are Mauritania, Saudi Arabia, Sudan and Yemen. Twenty-seven countries enshrine Islam as their state religion.

The only Christian theocracy is Vatican City, the tiny but powerful centre of Roman Catholicism, where the Pope is the supreme power and heads the executive, legislative and judicial branches of the Vatican government.

Some public figures have warned about the dangers of religious illiteracy especially in multi-faith societies where misunderstandings and ignorance can escalate into hostility, abuse and violence. Myths and factual inaccuracies about religious beliefs and texts are common, and many say that ​education about religion​religious education is as important to understanding the world as history, geography, science and art are.

According to Harvard’s Religious Literacy Project: “Understanding complex religious influences is a critical dimension of understanding modern human affairs. In spite of this awareness, there remains a widespread illiteracy about religion that spans the globe. There are many consequences of this illiteracy, but the most urgent is that it fuels conflict and antagonisms and hinders cooperative endeavors in all arenas of human experience.”

Prof Adam Dinham, co-​author author​editor of Religious Literacy in Policy and Practice, has said: “Religious literacy is a particular problem of the developed ​W​west, where fuzzy secularity and a complex religious landscape coincide. European and ​W​western thinking has long assumed a post-religious world, and seeks to act as though it is one. But on religion, Europe is the exception, not the rule. It also continues itself to be Christian, more secular, and more plural all at once.”

Thirteen countries (including nine in Europe) designate Christianity or a particular Christian denomination as their state religion. In England, the Anglican church – the Church of England – is recognised as the official “established” church of the country with important roles relating to state occasions. Twenty-one bishops sit in the House of Lords by right.

Israel defines itself as the “Jewish state”, with an 80% majority Jewish population. However the government is secular.

What religions are oldest and are there any new ones?

The oldest religion in the world is considered to be Hinduism, which dates back to about 7,000 BCE. Judaism is the next oldest, dating from about 2,000 BCE, followed by Zoroastrianism, officially founded in Persia in the 6th century BCE but its roots are thought to date back to 1,500 BCE. Shinto, Buddhism, Jainism, Confucianism and Taoism bunch together around 500-700 BCE. Then along came Christianity, followed about 600 years later by Islam.

Some might argue that the newest religion is no religion, although non-believers have been around as long as humans. But periodically new religious movements spring up, such as Kopimism, an internet religion, the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster or Pastafarianism (officially recognised by the New Zealand government but not the Dutch), and Terasem, a transreligion that believes death is optional and God is technological.

In 2016, the Temple of the Jedi Order, members of which follow the tenets of the faith central to the Star Wars films, failed in its effort to be recognised as a religious organisation under UK charity law. In the last two censuses, Jedi has been the most popular alternative religion with more than 390,000 people (0.7% of the population) describing themselves as Jedi Knights on the 2001 census. By 2011, numbers had dropped sharply, but there were still 176,632 people who told the government they were Jedi Knights.
Does religion have an impact on the world?

Of course – there are huge consequences to religious belief and practice. Firstly, countless wars and conflicts have had an overt or covert religious dimension throughout history right up to the present day. In the past few years, we’ve seen Islamic extremists waging war in the Middle East, a power struggle between Sunni and Shia across the region, the persecution of Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar, the Boko Haram insurgency in Nigeria, violent clashes between Christians and Muslims in Central African Republic, to name a few. Women are subjugated, LGBT people are persecuted, and “blasphemists” are tortured and murdered in the name of religion.

Then there’s the political impact. Donald Trump won the 2016 presidential election with the overwhelming support of white evangelical Christians. Legislators in Argentina recently voted against legalising abortion under pressure from Catholic bishops and the pope. Hungary’s far-right prime minister, Viktor Orbán, has cited the need to protect his country’s “Christian culture” to justify his anti-immigration policies.

But it’s not all bad news. There are millions of people of faith across the world engaging in social action projects to help the poor and marginalised. Look at the involvement of churches, mosques and synagogues in food banks and projects to support refugees, the sanctuary church movement in the US, the extraordinary sums raised by Islamic charities for relief work in some of the world’s most desperate places.
What happens next?

More prejudice and persecution. Followers of most major religions report increasing hostility and, in many cases, violence. Christians have been largely driven out of the Middle East, with some calling it a new genocide. Meanwhile antisemitism and Islamophobia are rising in Europe.

One of the biggest upheavals on the religious landscape in the next few years is likely to be the death (or, possibly, retirement) of Pope Francis, who is 81 and has a number of health issues. His efforts to reform the Vatican and the church have led to a significant backlash by conservative forces, who are organising against his papacy and preparing for the moment when the post becomes vacant.

next_category
POLITICS:

Wading into the controversy surrounding an Islamic center planned for a site near New York City’s Ground Zero memorial this past August, President Obama declared: “This is America. And our commitment to religious freedom must be unshakeable. The principle that people of all faiths are welcome in this country and that they will not be treated differently by their government is essential to who we are.” In doing so, he paid homage to a vision that politicians and preachers have extolled for more than two centuries—that America historically has been a place of religious tolerance. It was a sentiment George Washington voiced shortly after taking the oath of office just a few blocks from Ground Zero.

But is it so?

In the storybook version most of us learned in school, the Pilgrims came to America aboard the Mayflower in search of religious freedom in 1620. The Puritans soon followed, for the same reason. Ever since these religious dissidents arrived at their shining “city upon a hill,” as their governor John Winthrop called it, millions from around the world have done the same, coming to an America where they found a welcome melting pot in which everyone was free to practice his or her own faith.

The problem is that this tidy narrative is an American myth. The real story of religion in America’s past is an often awkward, frequently embarrassing and occasionally bloody tale that most civics books and high-school texts either paper over or shunt to the side. And much of the recent conversation about America’s ideal of religious freedom has paid lip service to this comforting tableau.

Wading into the controversy surrounding an Islamic center planned for a site near New York City’s Ground Zero memorial this past August, President Obama declared: “This is America. And our commitment to religious freedom must be unshakeable. The principle that people of all faiths are welcome in this country and that they will not be treated differently by their government is essential to who we are.” In doing so, he paid homage to a vision that politicians and preachers have extolled for more than two centuries—that America historically has been a place of religious tolerance. It was a sentiment George Washington voiced shortly after taking the oath of office just a few blocks from Ground Zero.

But is it so?

In the storybook version most of us learned in school, the Pilgrims came to America aboard the Mayflower in search of religious freedom in 1620. The Puritans soon followed, for the same reason. Ever since these religious dissidents arrived at their shining “city upon a hill,” as their governor John Winthrop called it, millions from around the world have done the same, coming to an America where they found a welcome melting pot in which everyone was free to practice his or her own faith.

The problem is that this tidy narrative is an American myth. The real story of religion in America’s past is an often awkward, frequently embarrassing and occasionally bloody tale that most civics books and high-school texts either paper over or shunt to the side. And much of the recent conversation about America’s ideal of religious freedom has paid lip service to this comforting tableau.

The most famous dissidents within the Puritan community, Roger Williams and Anne Hutchinson, were banished following disagreements over theology and policy. From Puritan Boston’s earliest days, Catholics (“Papists”) were anathema and were banned from the colonies, along with other non-Puritans. Four Quakers were hanged in Boston between 1659 and 1661 for persistently returning to the city to stand up for their beliefs.

Throughout the colonial era, Anglo-American antipathy toward Catholics—especially French and Spanish Catholics—was pronounced and often reflected in the sermons of such famous clerics as Cotton Mather and in statutes that discriminated against Catholics in matters of property and voting. Anti-Catholic feelings even contributed to the revolutionary mood in America after King George III extended an olive branch to French Catholics in Canada with the Quebec Act of 1774, which recognized their religion.

When George Washington dispatched Benedict Arnold on a mission to court French Canadians’ support for the American Revolution in 1775, he cautioned Arnold not to let their religion get in the way. “Prudence, policy and a true Christian Spirit,” Washington advised, “will lead us to look with compassion upon their errors, without insulting them.” (After Arnold betrayed the American cause, he publicly cited America’s alliance with Catholic France as one of his reasons for doing so.)

In newly independent America, there was a crazy quilt of state laws regarding religion. In Massachusetts, only Christians were allowed to hold public office, and Catholics were allowed to do so only after renouncing papal authority. In 1777, New York State’s constitution banned Catholics from public office (and would do so until 1806). In Maryland, Catholics had full civil rights, but Jews did not. Delaware required an oath affirming belief in the Trinity. Several states, including Massachusetts and South Carolina, had official, state-supported churches.


Wading into the controversy surrounding an Islamic center planned for a site near New York City’s Ground Zero memorial this past August, President Obama declared: “This is America. And our commitment to religious freedom must be unshakeable. The principle that people of all faiths are welcome in this country and that they will not be treated differently by their government is essential to who we are.” In doing so, he paid homage to a vision that politicians and preachers have extolled for more than two centuries—that America historically has been a place of religious tolerance. It was a sentiment George Washington voiced shortly after taking the oath of office just a few blocks from Ground Zero.

But is it so?

In the storybook version most of us learned in school, the Pilgrims came to America aboard the Mayflower in search of religious freedom in 1620. The Puritans soon followed, for the same reason. Ever since these religious dissidents arrived at their shining “city upon a hill,” as their governor John Winthrop called it, millions from around the world have done the same, coming to an America where they found a welcome melting pot in which everyone was free to practice his or her own faith.

The problem is that this tidy narrative is an American myth. The real story of religion in America’s past is an often awkward, frequently embarrassing and occasionally bloody tale that most civics books and high-school texts either paper over or shunt to the side. And much of the recent conversation about America’s ideal of religious freedom has paid lip service to this comforting tableau.

From the earliest arrival of Europeans on America’s shores, religion has often been a cudgel, used to discriminate, suppress and even kill the foreign, the “heretic” and the “unbeliever”—including the “heathen” natives already here. Moreover, while it is true that the vast majority of early-generation Americans were Christian, the pitched battles between various Protestant sects and, more explosively, between Protestants and Catholics, present an unavoidable contradiction to the widely held notion that America is a “Christian nation.”

First, a little overlooked history: the initial encounter between Europeans in the future United States came with the establishment of a Huguenot (French Protestant) colony in 1564 at Fort Caroline (near modern Jacksonville, Florida). More than half a century before the Mayflower set sail, French pilgrims had come to America in search of religious freedom.

The Spanish had other ideas. In 1565, they established a forward operating base at St. Augustine and proceeded to wipe out the Fort Caroline colony. The Spanish commander, Pedro Menéndez de Avilés, wrote to the Spanish King Philip II that he had “hanged all those we had found in [Fort Caroline] because...they were scattering the odious Lutheran doctrine in these Provinces.” When hundreds of survivors of a shipwrecked French fleet washed up on the beaches of Florida, they were put to the sword, beside a river the Spanish called Matanzas (“slaughters”). In other words, the first encounter between European Christians in America ended in a blood bath.

The much-ballyhooed arrival of the Pilgrims and Puritans in New England in the early 1600s was indeed a response to persecution that these religious dissenters had experienced in England. But the Puritan fathers of the Massachusetts Bay Colony did not countenance tolerance of opposing religious views. Their “city upon a hill” was a theocracy that brooked no dissent, religious or political.

The most famous dissidents within the Puritan community, Roger Williams and Anne Hutchinson, were banished following disagreements over theology and policy. From Puritan Boston’s earliest days, Catholics (“Papists”) were anathema and were banned from the colonies, along with other non-Puritans. Four Quakers were hanged in Boston between 1659 and 1661 for persistently returning to the city to stand up for their beliefs.

Throughout the colonial era, Anglo-American antipathy toward Catholics—especially French and Spanish Catholics—was pronounced and often reflected in the sermons of such famous clerics as Cotton Mather and in statutes that discriminated against Catholics in matters of property and voting. Anti-Catholic feelings even contributed to the revolutionary mood in America after King George III extended an olive branch to French Catholics in Canada with the Quebec Act of 1774, which recognized their religion.

When George Washington dispatched Benedict Arnold on a mission to court French Canadians’ support for the American Revolution in 1775, he cautioned Arnold not to let their religion get in the way. “Prudence, policy and a true Christian Spirit,” Washington advised, “will lead us to look with compassion upon their errors, without insulting them.” (After Arnold betrayed the American cause, he publicly cited America’s alliance with Catholic France as one of his reasons for doing so.)

In newly independent America, there was a crazy quilt of state laws regarding religion. In Massachusetts, only Christians were allowed to hold public office, and Catholics were allowed to do so only after renouncing papal authority. In 1777, New York State’s constitution banned Catholics from public office (and would do so until 1806). In Maryland, Catholics had full civil rights, but Jews did not. Delaware required an oath affirming belief in the Trinity. Several states, including Massachusetts and South Carolina, had official, state-supported churches.

In 1779, as Virginia’s governor, Thomas Jefferson had drafted a bill that guaranteed legal equality for citizens of all religions—including those of no religion—in the state. It was around then that Jefferson famously wrote, “But it does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no God. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg.” But Jefferson’s plan did not advance—until after Patrick (“Give Me Liberty or Give Me Death”) Henry introduced a bill in 1784 calling for state support for “teachers of the Christian religion.”

Future President James Madison stepped into the breach. In a carefully argued essay titled “Memorial and Remonstrance Against Religious Assessments,” the soon-to-be father of the Constitution eloquently laid out reasons why the state had no business supporting Christian instruction. Signed by some 2,000 Virginians, Madison’s argument became a fundamental piece of American political philosophy, a ringing endorsement of the secular state that “should be as familiar to students of American history as the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution,” as Susan Jacoby has written in Freethinkers, her excellent history of American secularism.

Among Madison’s 15 points was his declaration that “the Religion then of every man must be left to the conviction and conscience of every...man to exercise it as these may dictate. This right is in its nature an inalienable right.”

Madison also made a point that any believer of any religion should understand: that the government sanction of a religion was, in essence, a threat to religion. “Who does not see,” he wrote, “that the same authority which can establish Christianity, in exclusion of all other Religions, may establish with the same ease any particular sect of Christians, in exclusion of all other Sects?” Madison was writing from his memory of Baptist ministers being arrested in his native Virginia.


Wading into the controversy surrounding an Islamic center planned for a site near New York City’s Ground Zero memorial this past August, President Obama declared: “This is America. And our commitment to religious freedom must be unshakeable. The principle that people of all faiths are welcome in this country and that they will not be treated differently by their government is essential to who we are.” In doing so, he paid homage to a vision that politicians and preachers have extolled for more than two centuries—that America historically has been a place of religious tolerance. It was a sentiment George Washington voiced shortly after taking the oath of office just a few blocks from Ground Zero.

But is it so?

In the storybook version most of us learned in school, the Pilgrims came to America aboard the Mayflower in search of religious freedom in 1620. The Puritans soon followed, for the same reason. Ever since these religious dissidents arrived at their shining “city upon a hill,” as their governor John Winthrop called it, millions from around the world have done the same, coming to an America where they found a welcome melting pot in which everyone was free to practice his or her own faith.

The problem is that this tidy narrative is an American myth. The real story of religion in America’s past is an often awkward, frequently embarrassing and occasionally bloody tale that most civics books and high-school texts either paper over or shunt to the side. And much of the recent conversation about America’s ideal of religious freedom has paid lip service to this comforting tableau.

From the earliest arrival of Europeans on America’s shores, religion has often been a cudgel, used to discriminate, suppress and even kill the foreign, the “heretic” and the “unbeliever”—including the “heathen” natives already here. Moreover, while it is true that the vast majority of early-generation Americans were Christian, the pitched battles between various Protestant sects and, more explosively, between Protestants and Catholics, present an unavoidable contradiction to the widely held notion that America is a “Christian nation.”

First, a little overlooked history: the initial encounter between Europeans in the future United States came with the establishment of a Huguenot (French Protestant) colony in 1564 at Fort Caroline (near modern Jacksonville, Florida). More than half a century before the Mayflower set sail, French pilgrims had come to America in search of religious freedom.

The Spanish had other ideas. In 1565, they established a forward operating base at St. Augustine and proceeded to wipe out the Fort Caroline colony. The Spanish commander, Pedro Menéndez de Avilés, wrote to the Spanish King Philip II that he had “hanged all those we had found in [Fort Caroline] because...they were scattering the odious Lutheran doctrine in these Provinces.” When hundreds of survivors of a shipwrecked French fleet washed up on the beaches of Florida, they were put to the sword, beside a river the Spanish called Matanzas (“slaughters”). In other words, the first encounter between European Christians in America ended in a blood bath.

The much-ballyhooed arrival of the Pilgrims and Puritans in New England in the early 1600s was indeed a response to persecution that these religious dissenters had experienced in England. But the Puritan fathers of the Massachusetts Bay Colony did not countenance tolerance of opposing religious views. Their “city upon a hill” was a theocracy that brooked no dissent, religious or political.

The most famous dissidents within the Puritan community, Roger Williams and Anne Hutchinson, were banished following disagreements over theology and policy. From Puritan Boston’s earliest days, Catholics (“Papists”) were anathema and were banned from the colonies, along with other non-Puritans. Four Quakers were hanged in Boston between 1659 and 1661 for persistently returning to the city to stand up for their beliefs.

Throughout the colonial era, Anglo-American antipathy toward Catholics—especially French and Spanish Catholics—was pronounced and often reflected in the sermons of such famous clerics as Cotton Mather and in statutes that discriminated against Catholics in matters of property and voting. Anti-Catholic feelings even contributed to the revolutionary mood in America after King George III extended an olive branch to French Catholics in Canada with the Quebec Act of 1774, which recognized their religion.

When George Washington dispatched Benedict Arnold on a mission to court French Canadians’ support for the American Revolution in 1775, he cautioned Arnold not to let their religion get in the way. “Prudence, policy and a true Christian Spirit,” Washington advised, “will lead us to look with compassion upon their errors, without insulting them.” (After Arnold betrayed the American cause, he publicly cited America’s alliance with Catholic France as one of his reasons for doing so.)

In newly independent America, there was a crazy quilt of state laws regarding religion. In Massachusetts, only Christians were allowed to hold public office, and Catholics were allowed to do so only after renouncing papal authority. In 1777, New York State’s constitution banned Catholics from public office (and would do so until 1806). In Maryland, Catholics had full civil rights, but Jews did not. Delaware required an oath affirming belief in the Trinity. Several states, including Massachusetts and South Carolina, had official, state-supported churches.

In 1779, as Virginia’s governor, Thomas Jefferson had drafted a bill that guaranteed legal equality for citizens of all religions—including those of no religion—in the state. It was around then that Jefferson famously wrote, “But it does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no God. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg.” But Jefferson’s plan did not advance—until after Patrick (“Give Me Liberty or Give Me Death”) Henry introduced a bill in 1784 calling for state support for “teachers of the Christian religion.”

Future President James Madison stepped into the breach. In a carefully argued essay titled “Memorial and Remonstrance Against Religious Assessments,” the soon-to-be father of the Constitution eloquently laid out reasons why the state had no business supporting Christian instruction. Signed by some 2,000 Virginians, Madison’s argument became a fundamental piece of American political philosophy, a ringing endorsement of the secular state that “should be as familiar to students of American history as the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution,” as Susan Jacoby has written in Freethinkers, her excellent history of American secularism.

Among Madison’s 15 points was his declaration that “the Religion then of every man must be left to the conviction and conscience of every...man to exercise it as these may dictate. This right is in its nature an inalienable right.”

Madison also made a point that any believer of any religion should understand: that the government sanction of a religion was, in essence, a threat to religion. “Who does not see,” he wrote, “that the same authority which can establish Christianity, in exclusion of all other Religions, may establish with the same ease any particular sect of Christians, in exclusion of all other Sects?” Madison was writing from his memory of Baptist ministers being arrested in his native Virginia.

As a Christian, Madison also noted that Christianity had spread in the face of persecution from worldly powers, not with their help. Christianity, he contended, “disavows a dependence on the powers of this world...for it is known that this Religion both existed and flourished, not only without the support of human laws, but in spite of every opposition from them.”

Recognizing the idea of America as a refuge for the protester or rebel, Madison also argued that Henry’s proposal was “a departure from that generous policy, which offering an Asylum to the persecuted and oppressed of every Nation and Religion, promised a lustre to our country.”

After long debate, Patrick Henry’s bill was defeated, with the opposition outnumbering supporters 12 to 1. Instead, the Virginia legislature took up Jefferson’s plan for the separation of church and state. In 1786, the Virginia Act for Establishing Religious Freedom, modified somewhat from Jefferson’s original draft, became law. The act is one of three accomplishments Jefferson included on his tombstone, along with writing the Declaration and founding the University of Virginia. (He omitted his presidency of the United States.) After the bill was passed, Jefferson proudly wrote that the law “meant to comprehend, within the mantle of its protection, the Jew, the Gentile, the Christian and the Mahometan, the Hindoo and Infidel of every denomination.”

Madison wanted Jefferson’s view to become the law of the land when he went to the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia in 1787. And as framed in Philadelphia that year, the U.S. Constitution clearly stated in Article VI that federal elective and appointed officials “shall be bound by Oath or Affirmation, to support this Constitution, but no religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United States.”

This passage—along with the facts that the Constitution does not mention God or a deity (except for a pro forma “year of our Lord” date) and that its very first amendment forbids Congress from making laws that would infringe of the free exercise of religion—attests to the founders’ resolve that America be a secular republic. The men who fought the Revolution may have thanked Providence and attended church regularly—or not. But they also fought a war against a country in which the head of state was the head of the church. Knowing well the history of religious warfare that led to America’s settlement, they clearly understood both the dangers of that system and of sectarian conflict.

It was the recognition of that divisive past by the founders—notably Washington, Jefferson, Adams and Madison—that secured America as a secular republic. As president, Washington wrote in 1790: “All possess alike liberty of conscience and immunity of citizenship. ...For happily the Government of the United States, which gives to bigotry no sanction, to persecution no assistance requires only that they who live under its protection should demean themselves as good citizens.”

He was addressing the members of America’s oldest synagogue, the Touro Synagogue in Newport, Rhode Island (where his letter is read aloud every August). In closing, he wrote specifically to the Jews a phrase that applies to Muslims as well: “May the children of the Stock of Abraham, who dwell in this land, continue to merit and enjoy the good will of the other inhabitants, while every one shall sit in safety under his own vine and figtree, and there shall be none to make him afraid.”

As for Adams and Jefferson, they would disagree vehemently over policy, but on the question of religious freedom they were united. “In their seventies,” Jacoby writes, “with a friendship that had survived serious political conflicts, Adams and Jefferson could look back with satisfaction on what they both considered their greatest achievement—their role in establishing a secular government whose legislators would never be required, or permitted, to rule on the legality of theological views.”

Late in his life, James Madison wrote a letter summarizing his views: “And I have no doubt that every new example, will succeed, as every past one has done, in shewing that religion & Govt. will both exist in greater purity, the less they are mixed together.”

While some of America’s early leaders were models of virtuous tolerance, American attitudes were slow to change. The anti-Catholicism of America’s Calvinist past found new voice in the 19th century. The belief widely held and preached by some of the most prominent ministers in America was that Catholics would, if permitted, turn America over to the pope. Anti-Catholic venom was part of the typical American school day, along with Bible readings. In Massachusetts, a convent—coincidentally near the site of the Bunker Hill Monument—was burned to the ground in 1834 by an anti-Catholic mob incited by reports that young women were being abused in the convent school. In Philadelphia, the City of Brotherly Love, anti-Catholic sentiment, combined with the country’s anti-immigrant mood, fueled the Bible Riots of 1844, in which houses were torched, two Catholic churches were destroyed and at least 20 people were killed.

At about the same time, Joseph Smith founded a new American religion—and soon met with the wrath of the mainstream Protestant majority. In 1832, a mob tarred and feathered him, marking the beginning of a long battle between Christian America and Smith’s Mormonism. In October 1838, after a series of conflicts over land and religious tension, Missouri Governor Lilburn Boggs ordered that all Mormons be expelled from his state. Three days later, rogue militiamen massacred 17 church members, including children, at the Mormon settlement of Haun’s Mill. In 1844, a mob murdered Joseph Smith and his brother Hyrum while they were jailed in Carthage, Illinois. No one was ever convicted of the crime.

Even as late as 1960, Catholic presidential candidate John F. Kennedy felt compelled to make a major speech declaring that his loyalty was to America, not the pope. (And as recently as the 2008 Republican primary campaign, Mormon candidate Mitt Romney felt compelled to address the suspicions still directed toward the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.) Of course, America’s anti-Semitism was practiced institutionally as well as socially for decades. With the great threat of “godless” Communism looming in the 1950s, the country’s fear of atheism also reached new heights.

America can still be, as Madison perceived the nation in 1785, “an Asylum to the persecuted and oppressed of every Nation and Religion.” But recognizing that deep religious discord has been part of America’s social DNA is a healthy and necessary step. When we acknowledge that dark past, perhaps the nation will return to that “promised...lustre” of which Madison so grandiloquently wrote.

~

The US called on Turkey to not follow through on threats to attack US-backed forces in Syria Wednesday, an incursion the Pentagon warned could threaten US personnel and derail the fight against ISIS.
"Unilateral military action into northeast Syria by any party, particularly as US personnel may be present or in the vicinity, is of grave concern. We would find any such actions unacceptable," Commander Sean Robertson, a spokesman for the Department of Defense, told CNN.
"We believe this dialogue is the only way to secure the border area in a sustainable manner, and believe that uncoordinated military operations will undermine that shared interest," he added.
Earlier on Wednesday, Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said in a televised speech that Turkish troops would launch a military operation east of the Euphrates in Syria, an operation aimed at targeting Kurdish militants.
The US troops in Syria regularly work with Kurdish elements of the Syrian Democratic Forces as part of their campaign against ISIS.
Turkey sees all Kurdish forces in in Northern Syria as an extension of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), listed as terror group by the US and the EU. The US does not share Turkey's view.
"Our target is definitely not American troops. It is the members of terror organization operating in the region. I want to emphasize this," Erdogan added, saying that he expected the operation to begin "in a couple of days."
Secretary of Defense James Mattis recently directed US troops to establish a series of observation posts in the northeast Syria border region as part of an effort to reduce tensions between Turkey and the US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces.
Two US officials told CNN that while the US has observed additional Turkish forces arriving in the area, at this point in time it is assessed that Turkey does not have enough troops in the area to conduct the type of operation in the timeline outlined by Erdogan.
However the threat of cross-border shelling remains, potentially putting US troops there at risk.Previous cross-border clashes caused the Syrian Democratic Forces to suspend their hard-fought offensive against the ISIS-held town of Hajin, the terror group's last remaining redoubt east of the Euphrates River. 
"The campaign against ISIS is not over. Coalition forces are working closely with the Syrian Democratic Forces who are in the midst of offensive operations against ISIS in the Middle Euphrates River Valley," Robertson, the Pentagon spokesman said.
"We should not and cannot allow ISIS to breathe at this critical point or we will jeopardize the significant gains we have made alongside our Coalition partners and risk allowing ISIS to resurge," he added.

~

We're nine days out from a government shutdown and -- unlike the usual showdown mishigas -- there's plenty of reason to think the government might actually, you know, shut down come 11:59 p.m. on December 21.
And it's not just the uber-contentious Oval Office meeting between President Donald Trump, likely House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer on Tuesday that broadcast to the country just how far apart the two sides are when it comes to funding for the border and/or Trump's much ballyhooed wall.
Trump believes his political success was built on the border wall promise. He has already let his deadlines to secure full funding pass several times. It feels like this may be the time he draws a line in the sand and sticks to it.Democrats have zero incentive to help. Until January 2019, Republicans control the Senate, the House and the White House. And Trump will still be President come 2019. Because of those two facts, the belief among Democrats is that to the extent people care -- more on that in a moment -- they will blame Republicans for a shutdown.
Lots of losing House Republicans are free agents. There are dozens and dozens of House Republicans who blame Trump -- and rightly so -- for their defeats this fall. All of them will be voting on any sort of proposal that comes up to avert the government shutdown. Can Trump depend on those Republicans to be for him?
If ever there was a time when people were REALLY tuned out from politics in this politics-all-the-time age, it will be from Christmas to New Years. Which is, roughly, when the government shutdown would occur. That's not to say both sides won't blame the other for everything and insist the sky is falling. They will. It is to suggest voters might just shrug while drinking their eggnog and opening their presents.
his would be only a 25% shutdown. Congress has, somewhat miraculously, already funded three-quarters of the government thanks to the passage of a series of appropriations bills. The funding debate is really primarily, then, about the Department of Homeland Security and Trump's call for significant funding for the wall. If the government shut down, it would really only be a 1/4 government shutdown -- which might make people care less.In the wake of Tuesday's stunning Oval Office scrap, the mood on Capitol Hill seemed to be one of resignation -- that a shutdown was coming and there wasn't much anyone could or would do about it.

~

The special counsel’s investigation was grinding relentlessly onward, with President Trump’s former national security adviser pleading for leniency in his case and his former fixer about to be sentenced for his crimes. But Mr. Trump’s personal lawyer, Rudolph W. Giuliani, was in Manama, Bahrain, on Tuesday, meeting with the king and the interior minister of an important United States ally in the Middle East.

The government-run Bahrain News Agency featured a photo of Mr. Giuliani meeting in a royal palace with King Hamad bin Isa al-Khalifa. The story said the king discussed “Bahraini-U.S. relations” with Mr. Giuliani, who was described as leading a “high-level U.S. delegation.”

But Mr. Giuliani was not in Bahrain, a country with a record of human rights abuses, on official business. He was there to seek a lucrative security consulting contract with the government.

The trip was part of a concerted push Mr. Giuliani has undertaken in the last few weeks to win business from governments around the world — including in Africa and South America — for a firm he owns called Giuliani Security and Safety.

In his role representing Mr. Trump in the investigation by the special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, Mr. Giuliani is not a government employee, and is not subject to government ethics rules, including prohibitions on outside work.

But as his visit to Bahrain showed, Mr. Giuliani’s various interests can lead to confusion over the nature of his role. And foreign officials who have reason to want to get in or stay in the Trump administration’s good graces could view hiring Mr. Giuliani’s firm as a good way of doing so, according to ethics watchdogs.

In his role representing Mr. Trump in the investigation by the special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, Mr. Giuliani is not a government employee, and is not subject to government ethics rules, including prohibitions on outside work.

But as his visit to Bahrain showed, Mr. Giuliani’s various interests can lead to confusion over the nature of his role. And foreign officials who have reason to want to get in or stay in the Trump administration’s good graces could view hiring Mr. Giuliani’s firm as a good way of doing so, according to ethics watchdogs.

Referring to his representation of Mr. Trump, he said: “I was pretty much in demand long before I represented him doing this work.”

Mr. Giuliani’s company has provided advice and training in policing, terrorism prevention, intelligence and emergency response to governments in South America, the Middle East and Eastern Europe, among other regions, for years. It is currently pursuing work in the Democratic Republic of Congo, as well as a contract with an infrastructure fund focused on Latin America.

Walter M. Shaub Jr., former director of the federal Office of Government Ethics, said the way Mr. Giuliani’s visit to Bahrain was portrayed highlights “the possibility of blurring the line between his personal business activities and official government matters.”

Mr. Shaub said that even without being covered by government ethics rules, Mr. Giuliani “would want to be mindful of serious appearance concerns if he was concerned that his activities might create an impression that he has been authorized to offer access to the president or favorable action by the White House in exchange for business opportunities.”

The confusion also underscores the gap between political norms in the United States versus those in many parts of the Middle East, Africa, Asia and the former Soviet states, where overt efforts to buy favor are more commonly accepted as the way things work.

The perception that such an approach can yield success in Washington has been exacerbated in the Trump era, veteran lobbyists say, because of Mr. Trump’s inclination to value the counsel of a small coterie of friends, relatives and allies over the federal government’s experts.

In Mr. Giuliani’s case, the perception is amplified because of his overlapping roles as a public figure in his own right, a longtime friend of the president’s and the lead lawyer on a relatively small team upon whom Mr. Trump is relying to save his very presidency.

Mr. Giuliani says he has gone to great lengths to make clear to clients and prospective clients that hiring him will not earn any favor from Mr. Trump. And, while he acknowledged that some foreign leaders might try to project otherwise to their domestic audiences by publicizing their photographs or affiliation with him, he said “I can guarantee you, whether they think the picture is valuable, there is nothing I’m going to do to help them other than what they pay me for.”

He said his security consulting contracts have long included clauses stipulating that he will not lobby on behalf of clients before the United States government.

And he pointed out that he resigned from a position at the law firm Greenberg Traurig, for which he had represented foreign clients being prosecuted by the United States government, when he joined Mr. Trump’s legal team in April to try to help the president resolve the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and possible ties to Mr. Trump’s team.

His continued work for Giuliani Security and Safety poses no such conflict, he asserted, though he said he has dialed back his involvement in it to focus on representing Mr. Trump, which he has been doing for free.

As a result, “my income for this year will be not quite half of what it was last year,” he said. “Now, I’m not complaining. I make a lot of money, so it doesn’t make me poor.”

But now, Mr. Giuliani said, he has more time to focus on reinvigorating his business as he prepares to return to it full-time after he finishes his work for Mr. Trump.

“We’ve done everything we can do. There’s not much more they’re going to call upon us to do,” he said, referring to Mr. Mueller’s team. He cited Mr. Trump’s submission of written responses to questions from Mr. Mueller, and what he said was a draft of a defense report prepared by the president’s legal team that he said was ready to counter potentially damaging findings from the special counsel.

“It doesn’t mean I’m not going to be doing anything, but it’s not going to be anything close to a full-time job,” Mr. Giuliani said.

“In the last month, I’ve come back in order to make sure that we have work for next February, March,” he said, adding, “I have a bunch of people who depend on it.”

The Giuliani team pitched Bahrain on a plan to train the country’s forces to prevent terrorist attacks and to protect its desalination plants. Mr. Giuliani said his company has not entered into a contract with Bahrain, and he would not comment on any potential terms, but people familiar with the type of work proposed said that such services could cost several million dollars.

Mr. Giuliani said he had kept Mr. Trump apprised of his increased security consulting work and travels “just to make sure there is no sensitivity.” Mr. Trump “trusts me not to put him in an embarrassing situation,” Mr. Giuliani said, adding “I sure as heck wouldn’t do any security work in Russia.”

But working in Bahrain has its own sensitivities. While Bahrain is an ally and is home to a United States Navy base, the State Department has repeatedly called out Bahraini leadership for human rights abuses including killings and torture by security forces and restrictions on free expression.

Mr. Giuliani said that the Bahrain pitch was arranged by Robert Stryk, a lobbyist who had worked with Trump campaign officials and has emerged from relative obscurity to become an influential behind-the-scenes deal-maker in Mr. Trump’s Washington.

Mr. Stryk’s firm, Sonoran Policy Group, signed a $500,000-a-year contract in February to help Bahrain and its ambassador to Washington “facilitate meetings and interactions with U.S. administration officials,” according to lobbying filings.

The ambassador, Sheikh Abdullah bin Rashid bin Abdullah al-Khalifa, is the son of the interior minister, Sheikh Rashid bin Abdullah al-Khalifa. In a photograph released by the country’s news agency, both men, along with the country’s chief of police are pictured meeting on Tuesday with Mr. Giuliani; John P. Huvane, the chief executive of Giuliani Security; Mr. Stryk and one of his company’s officials, Kirsten Fontenrose, who resigned last month from a White House post overseeing American policy toward Saudi Arabia.

In a statement, the embassy said officials from Bahrain “regularly meet with public and private officials from the United States” but did not respond directly about a potential contract with Mr. Giuliani.

Mr. Stryk’s firm did not respond to questions about the Bahrain trip, or its relationship with Mr. Giuliani. A person familiar with the relationship said that Sonoran works with Mr. Giuliani’s firm and other companies to offer its clients access to consulting services beyond lobbying and public affairs.

Mr. Stryk also appears to have played a role in Mr. Giuliani’s effort to win a contract for security consulting work in the Democratic Republic of Congo through an Israeli firm called Mer Security and Communication Systems, which has worked for years with the Congolese president Joseph Kabila.

Mer had agreed in July to pay Sonoran Policy Group $1.25 million to lobby in Washington for Mr. Kabila’s government, which was facing threats of additional sanctions from the Trump administration for human rights abuses and corruption.

Mr. Giuliani said his company is now discussing security work with “a group of other African countries.” He declined to identify the countries, but said “over the next two months, if you see my picture with some foreign leader, the reason would be that.”

He suggested that he intends to continue aggressively pursuing security consulting work in the coming years, regardless of the outcome of the Mueller investigation. “I’m 74 years old, but I have the energy of a 25-year-old, and if I were to stop doing this, I’d die,” he said. “I love to do this work.”

~

The recent arrest of a top Chinese tech executive at the Trump administration’s request seemed certain to provoke a geopolitical showdown pitting Beijing against Washington.

The detained executive is a daughter of one of China’s most admired business leaders. She helps run a company, Huawei, at the center of a global race to dominate the next generation of telecommunications technology. And her arrest, widely viewed inside China as a direct affront, comes at a time of already pervasive suspicion among the Chinese public and leadership that the United States wants to block China’s rise through a trade war.

Yet seemingly against the odds, Beijing decided to take a measured response to the Huawei incident. The Chinese leadership has compartmentalized the situation as a law enforcement dispute while making concessions on trade to help defuse tensions.

China’s tempered approach is borne, in part, out of a position of weakness. The country’s economy is in a sharp downturn, putting political pressure on President Xi Jinping to reach a deal with President Trump. American officials recognize the leverage they now have, wielding tariffs to extract concessions that Beijing has long delayed or rejected altogether.

In recent weeks, Mr. Xi, who in his tenure has challenged the United States’ global dominance more directly than any Chinese leader since Mao Zedong, has followed through on a series of deals that he struck with Mr. Trump in Buenos Aires this month. He has begun lifting recently imposed barriers to imports of American food, energy and cars — even as the United States maintains tariffs on $250 billion worth of Chinese goods.

While the agreement was initially presented as a temporary truce in the trade war, both sides are pushing for a long-term deal that creates a framework for closer, more stable relations between the world’s two biggest economies. Vice Premier Liu He on Tuesday called the United States Trade Representative Robert E. Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin to lay out an initial road map for negotiations, with the goal of face-to-face talks next month.

“The Chinese government really wants to negotiate a deal with the United States to calm down the conflict, not only because of economic difficulties right now in China but also for the sake of long-term relations with the United States,” said Tu Xinquan, the executive dean of the China Institute for World Trade Organization Studies in Beijing.

The trade truce, though, remains tenuous, and the negotiations could easily be derailed. While Beijing has made some overtures, it has not gone far enough to address some of the biggest sticking points for the hawks in the Trump administration, like forced technology transfers and the trade deficit. And the Huawei situation could easily escalate, putting pressure at home on the Chinese president to act.

If nationalistic tempers flare, the relationship could suffer. In previous tense moments, a thaw has taken time.

When the United States accidentally bombed China’s embassy in Belgrade, Serbia, in 1999, the deaths of three Chinese citizens personalized the episode and triggered a wave of anger and indignation against the United States. The chill to Sino-American relations lasted for months, even though the Chinese leader at the time, President Jiang Zemin, had previously taken a friendlier approach with the United States than Mr. Xi.

The Huawei executive, Meng Wanzhou, was arrested in Canada on Dec. 1 at the behest of American authorities, who claimed she deceived financial institutions and caused them to violate sanctions against Iran. Huawei has said it is unaware of any wrongdoing on her part.

“If Ms. Meng is extradited to America, then it will be difficult for the government to control the public’s anger — then the government will have to be tougher on Canada and the United States,” Mr. Tu said.

Mr. Trump and his top trade advisers were pleased by the tenor of his dinner with Mr. Xi in Buenos Aires. The Chinese leader was deeply engaged in the conversation, eager to convince the Americans that he was willing to go further in accommodating their grievances than any of his predecessors.

Along with the agreement in Buenos Aires, China’s leaders are also preparing a series of moves to open up the economy to more trade and foreign investment, an overhaul timed to the 40th anniversary later this month of the country’s initial post-Mao economic reforms. Such moves, like further tariff reductions, would provide Mr. Xi an opportunity to introduce market-friendly measures without seeming to give in to American pressure.

It’s unclear what will satisfy the administration — and more important, Mr. Trump.

Mr. Mnuchin has pushed for an agreement that obtains some concessions quickly, in order to reduce the potential economic fallout of an intensified trade war. Mr. Trump, concerned about the volatility in the stock markets, wants to get a big deal done, while also avoiding anything drastic that would damage his relationship with Mr. Xi, according to several officials with direct knowledge.

But Mr. Trump’s economic advisers are also watching China with a high level of caution. Some, like Mr. Lighthizer, the top negotiator in the talks, are highly doubtful that China will do anything more than is necessary to remove the threat of new tariffs.

Beijing has a history of making promises it doesn’t keep or doesn’t fully implement. Some of the recent moves by China would provide superficial wins for the Trump administration, without requiring Beijing to substantially change anything.

China has expressed a willingness to cut tariffs on American cars to 15 percent, from 40 percent. But that’s what China already charges the rest of the world; the higher tariffs were merely a retaliatory measure imposed after the United States started a trade war. And China still maintains a 16 percent value-added tax that applies to all cars, including imported ones.

When China’s cabinet issued updated mandates on Monday for local governments, one of Mr. Trump’s bugaboos was no longer on the list: Made in China 2025, a state policy to turn the country into a high-tech superpower. Instead the list outlined government backing for industrial upgrading and “technological transformation,” a more banal-sounding if similar plan.

David Malpass, Treasury’s under secretary for international affairs, said during a congressional hearing on Wednesday that the Trump administration would not accept promises from China without verification. “The proof is in the pudding,” said Mr. Malpass, who has engaged in midlevel negotiations with the Chinese. “There’s a desire within the discussions to have specificity, to have firm timelines and deadlines and enforceable kinds of conditions.”

Wilbur Ross, the Commerce secretary, said on CNBC on Wednesday that the Made in China initiative had provoked backlash from other countries but that he did not believe China was doing away with the program. “If you’ll search the recent clips, you’ll find they haven’t been talking that much about it,” Mr. Ross said. “That doesn’t mean they’ve dropped it.”

As the talks progress, China’s hand could ultimately be forced by economic weakness.

It’s hard to tell exactly how bad the economy has gotten in China. Many economists regard Chinese data as unreliable, and Beijing keeps a tight grip on information. But some sectors, like real estate and cars, indicate the plunge is getting steeper with each passing month.

Car sales plummeted faster this autumn than during the global financial crisis, an abrupt downturn that auto industry leaders attribute to a crumbling of business and consumer confidence triggered mainly by the trade war. Many multinationals are reconsidering their heavy reliance now on China, endangering the country’s ability to attract plentiful foreign investment and know-how in such industries.

“Without Volkswagen, China would not be No. 1 in auto production today,” said David Li, a prominent Tsinghua University economist, at a conference that the university hosted on Sunday to review policy lessons from the last 40 years, since China opened up after the death of Mao.

The trade war, the sharp slowing of the economy and the prospect of diminishing foreign investment have also precipitated drops in China’s stock market and currency this year. Those, in turn, appear to have weakened Mr. Xi’s popularity, at least within the country’s political and economic elite in Beijing and Shanghai. Complaints about his management, very seldom heard six months ago, have become unusually common in private conversations.

For Mr. Xi, balancing those internal and external pressures will be critical as China enters the next phase of negotiations. Whatever additional leverage the United States enjoys in the current talks is predicated on the threat of tariffs, and Mr. Xi, like Chinese negotiators before him, still believes Mr. Trump will blink, said Derek Scissors, a China scholar with the American Enterprise Institute in Washington.

The Huawei incident “doesn’t give Trump any additional leverage. The tariffs do, whether you think they are a good idea or not,” Mr. Scissors said. “And, based on what Trump has done so far, the Chinese think that we ultimately chicken out just like we have done every other time.”

next_category
NEWS:

Khashoggi, who had lived in the U.S. and wrote for The Washington Post, had been critical of the Saudi regime. He was killed in what U.S. officials have described as an elaborate plot as he visited a consulate in Istanbul for marriage paperwork that was approved by Saudi crown prince Mohammed bin Salman.

Saudi prosecutors have said a 15-man team sent to Istanbul killed Khashoggi with tranquilizers and then dismembered his body, which has not been found. Those findings came after Saudi authorities spent days denying Khashoggi had been killed in the consulate.

“The relationship with Saudi Arabia is not working for America,” Graham said. “It is more of a burden than an asset.”

Graham added: The crown prince [of Saudi Arabia] is so toxic, so tainted, so flawed.”

The Senate is expected to vote next week on the Yemen resolution, but senators are wrestling with how to limit amendments to prevent a freewheeling floor debate that would allow votes on unrelated issues.

It appears unlikely that the House would be willing to consider either measure. A provision that was part of a House rule that narrowly passed Wednesday would make it harder for lawmakers there to call up a Yemen resolution if the Senate passes it.

Democrats are likely to be more aggressive on Saudi issues when they take the House majority in January. The top Democrat on the House intelligence committee, California Rep. Adam Schiff, said he intends to lead a "deep dive" into Saudi Arabia and Yemen. Democratic Rep. Eliot Engel of New York, the likely incoming chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, said he would hold hearings on Saudi Arabia early next year.

House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said the chamber will have a briefing from Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis next week on Khashoggi and "we'll know more after that."

Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker, R-Tenn., said he supports the Menendez legislation, but that he has suggested some changes to it to Menendez, who is the top Democrat on the Foreign Relations panel.

Pressed on a response to Saudi Arabia, the president has said the United States "intends to remain a steadfast partner" of the country, touted Saudi arms deals worth billions of dollars to the U.S. and thanked the country for plunging oil prices.

"It could very well be that the crown prince had knowledge of this tragic event," Trump said in a lengthy statement Nov. 20. "Maybe he did, and maybe he didn't!"

Human bones discovered in the basement of a New York home have been identified as those of a man who had been missing for nearly six decades, authorities said Wednesday. His death is now being investigated as a homicide.

Police say George Carroll's son and two grandsons found his remains on Oct. 30 while excavating the basement of the home in Lake Grove, New York.

Autopsy results released this week confirmed the remains were of George Carroll and found that his skull had been fractured by blunt force trauma, which may have occurred posthumously, authorities said.

Carroll's son, Michael,is the current homeowner of the property once owned by his father and mother, Dorothy Carroll, who died in 1998. There had long been rumors in the family that George Carroll might be buried in the basement, the police said, citing Carroll family members.

Carroll, a Korean War veteran, had been missing since 1961, authorities said. Dorothy Carroll never gave her four children a straight answer about what happened to their father before her death, police said.

Suffolk County police said no one ever filed a missing-persons report for George Carroll.

Michael Carroll and his two adults sons excavated the basement of the home on suspicion they might find the remains there.


Five U.S. Marines who were missing and declared dead after a collision involving a fighter jet and another military plane off the coast of Japan last week were identified Wednesday. The Marines said that circumstances of the accident are still under investigation.

"It is with heavy hearts that we announce the names of our fallen Marines," Marine Corps Lt. Col. Mitchell T. Maury said in a statement. Maury is the commander of the Marine Aerial Refueler Transport Squadron 152, to which the five Marines were assigned.

~

Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel wants to legalize marijuana and open a city-owned casino to help pay down the city's $28 billion public-pension debt.

Emanuel's proposal also calls for issuing up to $10 billion in pension obligation bonds and changing the state constitution to allow cuts to retirees' cost-of-living increases.

Dec. 12, 2018 / 4:28 PM EST
By Associated Press

CHICAGO — Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel wants to legalize marijuana and open a city-owned casino to help pay down the city's $28 billion public-pension debt.

Emanuel's proposal also calls for issuing up to $10 billion in pension obligation bonds and changing the state constitution to allow cuts to retirees' cost-of-living increases.

The fix proposed Wednesday comes as Emanuel prepares to leave office in May, and with the city's required annual pension payments set to balloon over the next few years.

Dec. 12, 2018 / 4:28 PM EST
By Associated Press

CHICAGO — Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel wants to legalize marijuana and open a city-owned casino to help pay down the city's $28 billion public-pension debt.

Emanuel's proposal also calls for issuing up to $10 billion in pension obligation bonds and changing the state constitution to allow cuts to retirees' cost-of-living increases.
Related
Jason Van Dyke Trial: Chicago officer guilty of murder in shooting of Laquan McDonald

The fix proposed Wednesday comes as Emanuel prepares to leave office in May, and with the city's required annual pension payments set to balloon over the next few years.

Emanuel outlined steps Chicago has taken in recent years to stabilize the funds, including raising taxes. But he called the pension crisis a "flashing yellow light of uncertainty and instability" for Chicago.

Democratic Gov. elect J.B. Pritzker has said he supports legalizing marijuana and is open to expanding gambling.

~

The magnitude 4.4 earthquake that shook many metro Atlantans awake on Wednesday morning felt more powerful than a quake of the same strength would have on the west coast.

“Eastern United States earthquakes travel farther. It’s because we have really strong rock beneath us,” explained Andrew Newman, a professor at Georgia Tech’s School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences. “A magnitude 3 here radiates a lot farther, and shakes like a magnitude 4 in California.”

The temblor emanated from east Tennessee, where it was the strongest on record, at about 4:15 a.m. While it took many by surprise (and, naturally, began trending on social media), the event wasn’t out of the ordinary, Newman said.

“These little events are kind of nice, kind of a wake up call,” he said. “We don’t necessarily live in an ‘earthquake zone,’ but our earthquake risk is not zero.”

No place is entirely free of such activity, he added, although certainly the west coast is far more commonly considered quake country.

“Our topography is a lot older,” he said. “The Appalachian Mountains used to look like the Himalayas.”
Millions of years of erosion has whittled down the eastern U.S. mountain chain, while on the other side of the country, 

“the topography is active and dynamic,” Newman said.

The powerful 1886 earthquake that struck Charleston is the most significant seismic event in modern history in this region. It caused at least 60 deaths and more than $5 million in damage. Thousands of buildings, including Charleston’s Emanuel AME Church, were leveled.

The powerful quake, estimated to have been a high-6 magnitude event, was felt in Atlanta and throughout the southeast. It was front-page news in the Atlanta Constitution for days.

It’s possible that other such events have been felt in this region, but records don’t exist to reflect it.

“It’s really because we haven’t been around long enough,” is how Newman put it. 

As with hurricanes, measured in category 1-5 strength levels, earthquake strength grows exponentially from one magnitude to another. Experiencing a magnitude 3 event in our region isn’t at all unusual, but more powerful quakes happen with far less frequency.

“The unfortunate thing is we never know when a magnitude 7 is going to strike,” Newman said. 

He didn’t actually realize metro Atlanta had experienced an earthquake until he read about it.

“I woke up but I wake up pretty frequently at that time,” he said, figuring the shaking might have roused him but that he didn’t realize it at the time. “I looked at the clock and went back to sleep.”

next_category
SCIENCE:

NASA’s InSight spacecraft is now parked on Mars and gearing up to spend the next two years probing the interior of the Red Planet.

But first, a selfie.

On Dec. 6, the 800-pound lander stretched out its six-foot-long robotic arm and used its camera to snap the first of what is likely to be a series of self-portraits. The photo — a mosaic stitched together from 11 separate images — shows InSight’s solar panels and its deck laden with science instruments.

The photo also shows the dusky red soil of the lander’s new home, a broad plain near the Martian equator known as Elysium Planitia.

InSight also beamed back 52 photos of its immediate environment, which were used to create a mosaic of a 4x7-foot area of the surface directly beside the lander. The area is starkly barren but pockmarked in places.

NASA’s InSight spacecraft is now parked on Mars and gearing up to spend the next two years probing the interior of the Red Planet.

But first, a selfie.

On Dec. 6, the 800-pound lander stretched out its six-foot-long robotic arm and used its camera to snap the first of what is likely to be a series of self-portraits. The photo — a mosaic stitched together from 11 separate images — shows InSight’s solar panels and its deck laden with science instruments.

The photo also shows the dusky red soil of the lander’s new home, a broad plain near the Martian equator known as Elysium Planitia.

InSight also beamed back 52 photos of its immediate environment, which were used to create a mosaic of a 4x7-foot area of the surface directly beside the lander. The area is starkly barren but pockmarked in places.

Dec. 12, 2018 / 6:40 PM EST
By Denise Chow

NASA’s InSight spacecraft is now parked on Mars and gearing up to spend the next two years probing the interior of the Red Planet.

But first, a selfie.

On Dec. 6, the 800-pound lander stretched out its six-foot-long robotic arm and used its camera to snap the first of what is likely to be a series of self-portraits. The photo — a mosaic stitched together from 11 separate images — shows InSight’s solar panels and its deck laden with science instruments.

The photo also shows the dusky red soil of the lander’s new home, a broad plain near the Martian equator known as Elysium Planitia.

InSight also beamed back 52 photos of its immediate environment, which were used to create a mosaic of a 4x7-foot area of the surface directly beside the lander. The area is starkly barren but pockmarked in places.

Unlike Curiosity and other NASA rovers on Mars, InSight isn’t mobile. Instead, the lander is stuck on Elysium Planitia, which is so flat that mission scientists playfully dubbed it “the biggest parking lot on Mars.”

"The near-absence of rocks, hills and holes means it'll be extremely safe for our instruments," Bruce Banerdt, InSight’s principal investigator at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, said in a written statement. "This might seem like a pretty plain piece of ground if it weren't on Mars, but we're glad to see that."

nSight is about 340 miles from Curiosity, which has stopped to take several selfies of its own as it trundles along the Martian surface. Curiosity landed on Mars in August 2012 and has been exploring a site called Gale Crater ever since.

The $800-million InSight mission will measure the frequency and magnitude of marsquakes and study how heat from deep inside the Red Planet makes its way to the surface.

Since InSight touched down on Nov. 26, NASA engineers have been powering up and testing each of the lander’s instruments in anticipation of their placement directly on the planet’s surface. This process is expected to take two to three months.

To say Robert Zubrin is passionate about Mars is a bit of an understatement. The 66-year-old aerospace engineer has devoted the better part of his life to thinking about and encouraging the exploration of Mars.

In 1998, Zubrin co-founded The Mars Society, a Lakewood, Colorado-based nonprofit, and in the years since has become an outspoken advocate for the establishment of a permanent settlement on Mars — and a harsh critic of what he considers NASA's stagnant human spaceflight program.

Recently, NBC News MACH spoke with Zubrin about why he feels so strongly that humans should colonize Mars and that NASA shouldn't build a lunar "spaceport" — and why Mars exploration is so deeply personal to him.

The interview has been edited for clarity and brevity.

At the Mars Society, we've built two practice Mars stations: one in the desert in Utah and one in the Canadian high arctic. In the Utah station, on one of our earliest excursions, we were practicing exploring the desert as if it was Mars. We climbed down into this small box canyon and we explored it thoroughly and found this very curious-looking rock. We brought it back to the habitat and thin-sliced it, and it was definitely dinosaur bone.

We reported it to the [Bureau of Land Management]. A few years later the BLM gave the data to some professional paleontologist who came and dug the place, and it's now the largest dinosaur bone find in North America in decades. I have to tell you, no wheeled rover could have even gotten into that canyon because it was a two-meter drop to climb down into it.

As far as looking for extant life, we just discovered subsurface water on Mars — a subsurface lake. If there's life on Mars today, it's in the subsurface water. So you’d need to set up drilling rigs. Drilling down a kilometer — that's like drilling a deep oil well on Earth. These rovers can't do that. And bringing up the water, and putting it on culture mediums and trying to culture any organisms that are in it and then examining them under microscopes and doing biochemical testing — this is light-years beyond the capability of robotic rovers. If you really want to solve the problem and find the answer to the truth about life on Mars, we're going to have to send people.

Aug. 19, 2018 / 5:55 AM EDT
By Denise Chow

To say Robert Zubrin is passionate about Mars is a bit of an understatement. The 66-year-old aerospace engineer has devoted the better part of his life to thinking about and encouraging the exploration of Mars.

In 1998, Zubrin co-founded The Mars Society, a Lakewood, Colorado-based nonprofit, and in the years since has become an outspoken advocate for the establishment of a permanent settlement on Mars — and a harsh critic of what he considers NASA's stagnant human spaceflight program.

Recently, NBC News MACH spoke with Zubrin about why he feels so strongly that humans should colonize Mars and that NASA shouldn't build a lunar "spaceport" — and why Mars exploration is so deeply personal to him.

The interview has been edited for clarity and brevity.
Image: Robert Zubrin
Robert Zubrin is an aerospace engineer and co-founder of the Mars Society.Mars Society

MACH: NASA has sent robotic landers and rovers to Mars. Why is it important to send humans?

Zubrin: Humans are vastly more effective as explorers than robots. The most important questions about Mars are on the search for life, past and present. So we're interested in fossil hunting and we're interested in extinct life. Fossil hunting on Earth requires hiking long distances through difficult terrain, involves digging and pickaxe work. It involves delicate work, intuition, following up on clues. This is way beyond the ability of robots.

At the Mars Society, we've built two practice Mars stations: one in the desert in Utah and one in the Canadian high arctic. In the Utah station, on one of our earliest excursions, we were practicing exploring the desert as if it was Mars. We climbed down into this small box canyon and we explored it thoroughly and found this very curious-looking rock. We brought it back to the habitat and thin-sliced it, and it was definitely dinosaur bone.

We reported it to the [Bureau of Land Management]. A few years later the BLM gave the data to some professional paleontologist who came and dug the place, and it's now the largest dinosaur bone find in North America in decades. I have to tell you, no wheeled rover could have even gotten into that canyon because it was a two-meter drop to climb down into it.

As far as looking for extant life, we just discovered subsurface water on Mars — a subsurface lake. If there's life on Mars today, it's in the subsurface water. So you’d need to set up drilling rigs. Drilling down a kilometer — that's like drilling a deep oil well on Earth. These rovers can't do that. And bringing up the water, and putting it on culture mediums and trying to culture any organisms that are in it and then examining them under microscopes and doing biochemical testing — this is light-years beyond the capability of robotic rovers. If you really want to solve the problem and find the answer to the truth about life on Mars, we're going to have to send people.

A mission to Mars is one thing, but why should humans settle the Red Planet?

We should settle Mars in order to establish a new branch of human civilization or several new branches of human civilization. That will add to the strength and vitality of human culture as a whole. If you think about the spreading of western civilization to the Americas, the establishment of societies including the one that lead to the United States — Europeans got some profit, the Spanish got some gold from the Aztecs and there were some profits to be made growing tobacco in Virginia.

But the real value that Europe and the rest of the world got out of the United States was a new branch of human civilization that demonstrated the value of democracy and invented electricity and the steamboat and the telegraph and the light bulb, and essentially generated electrical power and airplanes and nuclear power and computers and iPhones.

In other words, we created a new creative society that has added tremendously to human civilization as a whole. We don't terraform Mars in order to abandon the Earth. We terraform Mars to have an additional Earth.

To further the exploration and settlement of Mars by both public and private means. That means supporting both robotic exploration and human exploration. And it mean supporting base building, settlement, the development of technologies that enable settlement and ultimately terraforming. It also includes supporting the development of launch technologies, transportation systems that allow us to get to Mars, power systems for use on Mars.

What do you say to those who think we should settle the moon first?

I disagree with that argument, but I can respect it. I can respect the people who say, "We should go to the moon, it's closer, we know how to do it, and there's a water ice near the lunar south pole which we could make use of to help us explore the moon.” If you did do that, it would certainly restore a sense of confidence and accomplishment to the human spaceflight program.

But the Trump administration isn't doing that. If you're saying that you need to go to the moon before you go to Mars, then go to the moon. Instead, they come up with this ridiculous idea that before they go to the moon they will put a space station in orbit around the moon. You do not need a space station in orbit around the moon to go to the moon. You do not need a space station around the moon to go to Mars.

Aug. 19, 2018 / 5:55 AM EDT
By Denise Chow

To say Robert Zubrin is passionate about Mars is a bit of an understatement. The 66-year-old aerospace engineer has devoted the better part of his life to thinking about and encouraging the exploration of Mars.

In 1998, Zubrin co-founded The Mars Society, a Lakewood, Colorado-based nonprofit, and in the years since has become an outspoken advocate for the establishment of a permanent settlement on Mars — and a harsh critic of what he considers NASA's stagnant human spaceflight program.

Recently, NBC News MACH spoke with Zubrin about why he feels so strongly that humans should colonize Mars and that NASA shouldn't build a lunar "spaceport" — and why Mars exploration is so deeply personal to him.

The interview has been edited for clarity and brevity.
Image: Robert Zubrin
Robert Zubrin is an aerospace engineer and co-founder of the Mars Society.Mars Society

MACH: NASA has sent robotic landers and rovers to Mars. Why is it important to send humans?

Zubrin: Humans are vastly more effective as explorers than robots. The most important questions about Mars are on the search for life, past and present. So we're interested in fossil hunting and we're interested in extinct life. Fossil hunting on Earth requires hiking long distances through difficult terrain, involves digging and pickaxe work. It involves delicate work, intuition, following up on clues. This is way beyond the ability of robots.

At the Mars Society, we've built two practice Mars stations: one in the desert in Utah and one in the Canadian high arctic. In the Utah station, on one of our earliest excursions, we were practicing exploring the desert as if it was Mars. We climbed down into this small box canyon and we explored it thoroughly and found this very curious-looking rock. We brought it back to the habitat and thin-sliced it, and it was definitely dinosaur bone.

We reported it to the [Bureau of Land Management]. A few years later the BLM gave the data to some professional paleontologist who came and dug the place, and it's now the largest dinosaur bone find in North America in decades. I have to tell you, no wheeled rover could have even gotten into that canyon because it was a two-meter drop to climb down into it.

As far as looking for extant life, we just discovered subsurface water on Mars — a subsurface lake. If there's life on Mars today, it's in the subsurface water. So you’d need to set up drilling rigs. Drilling down a kilometer — that's like drilling a deep oil well on Earth. These rovers can't do that. And bringing up the water, and putting it on culture mediums and trying to culture any organisms that are in it and then examining them under microscopes and doing biochemical testing — this is light-years beyond the capability of robotic rovers. If you really want to solve the problem and find the answer to the truth about life on Mars, we're going to have to send people.

A mission to Mars is one thing, but why should humans settle the Red Planet?

We should settle Mars in order to establish a new branch of human civilization or several new branches of human civilization. That will add to the strength and vitality of human culture as a whole. If you think about the spreading of western civilization to the Americas, the establishment of societies including the one that lead to the United States — Europeans got some profit, the Spanish got some gold from the Aztecs and there were some profits to be made growing tobacco in Virginia.

But the real value that Europe and the rest of the world got out of the United States was a new branch of human civilization that demonstrated the value of democracy and invented electricity and the steamboat and the telegraph and the light bulb, and essentially generated electrical power and airplanes and nuclear power and computers and iPhones.
Related
Sorry, Elon Musk. New study says terraforming Mars is simply impossible

In other words, we created a new creative society that has added tremendously to human civilization as a whole. We don't terraform Mars in order to abandon the Earth. We terraform Mars to have an additional Earth.

What is the goal of the Mars Society?

To further the exploration and settlement of Mars by both public and private means. That means supporting both robotic exploration and human exploration. And it mean supporting base building, settlement, the development of technologies that enable settlement and ultimately terraforming. It also includes supporting the development of launch technologies, transportation systems that allow us to get to Mars, power systems for use on Mars.

What do you say to those who think we should settle the moon first?

I disagree with that argument, but I can respect it. I can respect the people who say, "We should go to the moon, it's closer, we know how to do it, and there's a water ice near the lunar south pole which we could make use of to help us explore the moon.” If you did do that, it would certainly restore a sense of confidence and accomplishment to the human spaceflight program.

But the Trump administration isn't doing that. If you're saying that you need to go to the moon before you go to Mars, then go to the moon. Instead, they come up with this ridiculous idea that before they go to the moon they will put a space station in orbit around the moon. You do not need a space station in orbit around the moon to go to the moon. You do not need a space station around the moon to go to Mars.

If you build such a station, the bureaucracy would unquestionably impose a requirement on all lunar missions that they go there on the way to the moon because otherwise it would look ridiculous that you built this space station that you never actually use. That will make moon missions harder to do because it's easier to go straight to the moon. It's like somebody saying: Let's build an airport in Sherbrooke, Canada, and anyone leaving New York City has to stop there on their way to London. And sure, you could do that on your way to London but it's not helping you get to London. To say nothing of all the money you're wasting on this airport in an out-of-the-way place.

When I was growing up, the government was able to do great things. My parents, my uncles, they all participated in World War II. While I was a kid, we were building an interstate highway system, and as a teenager, we were going to the moon. You had a political class that was united around such purposes. Since then it has severely degenerated. There's a real problem here. It goes way beyond the problems of the space program in terms of fixing the American political class.

We could not build the interstate highway system today. Different factions would sabotage each other and prevent things from getting done. So it's going to take some real statecraft to put Humpty Dumpty back together again, in the terms of the U.S. government's capacity to undertake great projects. Of course, part of the reason why the American political class, in the period from the ‘40s to the ‘60s, was able to do great things was because they had been forged in the furnace of war. People understood how to get things done and how to work together. And while some of the people who did Apollo understood it as a step to human expansion to space, for much of the political class it was to win the Cold War.

Perhaps we need that sort of challenge. Maybe if we're challenged by the Chinese or the Russians, or someone takes it seriously and they rally the nation that we are going to continue to be the vanguard of humanity, and we're going to celebrate our good deeds in newspapers and not in museums, maybe they can rally the nation.

What role should commercial spaceflight companies play?

Starting in the ‘90s you started to see private ventures, billionaires saying, "I'm going to open space this year, I'm going to start a rocket company.” There were several that were started that all failed during the ‘90s until [SpaceX CEO Elon] Musk came along and succeeded. Since I am well acquainted with those previous efforts as well as Musk, I can tell you why he succeeded and why they didn't. He didn't just throw some money at the problem and quit as soon as it got tough. He put not only his fortune but his heart, mind and his soul into it. He learned rocketry himself, and he didn't give up when his first three launches failed.

Fortune favors the brave, fortune favors the tough and fortune favors the smart, and he had all three. He attracted a really superb team of committed people who began to see that this could really happen, that they could really make history by doing this, and they're doing it.

The one that comes to mind immediately is Blue Origin, which was founded by Jeff Bezos. They have a somewhat different approach. Their motto is: step by step ferociously, one step at a time. These guys are marching ahead at a steady pace. Musk is running a blitzkrieg.

It will be interesting to see which one prevails, whether the careful step-by-step approach prevails or whether pedal to the metal is the one that gets us there.

And I'm aware of other groups of people in Russia, for example, who would like to pull together a Russian SpaceX. There's certainly the technical expertise over there and the sources of capital. I have to believe that there are people in China who would want to do this, and you also have Virgin Galactic, which is being financed by British billionaire Richard Branson. And there's another called Stratolaunch that is backed by Microsoft billionaire Paul Allen. I'm willing to bet right now that five years from now there will be at least 10 such ventures going on in the world.

I am, I really am. It took me a while because I saw the difficulties that people who were trying to do this privately encountered in the ‘90s. In fact, I myself was involved in one such venture that did get off the ground a little bit but eventually failed about 10 years later. It's a really hard thing to do, but it's now been proven that it can be done. Once it's shown that it can be done — it's the belief that something can be done that is the key to being able to do it.


First of all, it's important that we embrace this kind of future, an expansive future. I think it's important not just to the future but to the present because if people think that we're confined to the Earth and there's only so much to go around, it sets nations against each other. It's a setup for another world war, the belief that there's only so much to go around.

Aug. 19, 2018 / 5:55 AM EDT
By Denise Chow

To say Robert Zubrin is passionate about Mars is a bit of an understatement. The 66-year-old aerospace engineer has devoted the better part of his life to thinking about and encouraging the exploration of Mars.

In 1998, Zubrin co-founded The Mars Society, a Lakewood, Colorado-based nonprofit, and in the years since has become an outspoken advocate for the establishment of a permanent settlement on Mars — and a harsh critic of what he considers NASA's stagnant human spaceflight program.

Recently, NBC News MACH spoke with Zubrin about why he feels so strongly that humans should colonize Mars and that NASA shouldn't build a lunar "spaceport" — and why Mars exploration is so deeply personal to him.

The interview has been edited for clarity and brevity.
Image: Robert Zubrin
Robert Zubrin is an aerospace engineer and co-founder of the Mars Society.Mars Society

MACH: NASA has sent robotic landers and rovers to Mars. Why is it important to send humans?

Zubrin: Humans are vastly more effective as explorers than robots. The most important questions about Mars are on the search for life, past and present. So we're interested in fossil hunting and we're interested in extinct life. Fossil hunting on Earth requires hiking long distances through difficult terrain, involves digging and pickaxe work. It involves delicate work, intuition, following up on clues. This is way beyond the ability of robots.

At the Mars Society, we've built two practice Mars stations: one in the desert in Utah and one in the Canadian high arctic. In the Utah station, on one of our earliest excursions, we were practicing exploring the desert as if it was Mars. We climbed down into this small box canyon and we explored it thoroughly and found this very curious-looking rock. We brought it back to the habitat and thin-sliced it, and it was definitely dinosaur bone.

We reported it to the [Bureau of Land Management]. A few years later the BLM gave the data to some professional paleontologist who came and dug the place, and it's now the largest dinosaur bone find in North America in decades. I have to tell you, no wheeled rover could have even gotten into that canyon because it was a two-meter drop to climb down into it.

As far as looking for extant life, we just discovered subsurface water on Mars — a subsurface lake. If there's life on Mars today, it's in the subsurface water. So you’d need to set up drilling rigs. Drilling down a kilometer — that's like drilling a deep oil well on Earth. These rovers can't do that. And bringing up the water, and putting it on culture mediums and trying to culture any organisms that are in it and then examining them under microscopes and doing biochemical testing — this is light-years beyond the capability of robotic rovers. If you really want to solve the problem and find the answer to the truth about life on Mars, we're going to have to send people.

A mission to Mars is one thing, but why should humans settle the Red Planet?

We should settle Mars in order to establish a new branch of human civilization or several new branches of human civilization. That will add to the strength and vitality of human culture as a whole. If you think about the spreading of western civilization to the Americas, the establishment of societies including the one that lead to the United States — Europeans got some profit, the Spanish got some gold from the Aztecs and there were some profits to be made growing tobacco in Virginia.

But the real value that Europe and the rest of the world got out of the United States was a new branch of human civilization that demonstrated the value of democracy and invented electricity and the steamboat and the telegraph and the light bulb, and essentially generated electrical power and airplanes and nuclear power and computers and iPhones.
Related
Sorry, Elon Musk. New study says terraforming Mars is simply impossible

In other words, we created a new creative society that has added tremendously to human civilization as a whole. We don't terraform Mars in order to abandon the Earth. We terraform Mars to have an additional Earth.

What is the goal of the Mars Society?

To further the exploration and settlement of Mars by both public and private means. That means supporting both robotic exploration and human exploration. And it mean supporting base building, settlement, the development of technologies that enable settlement and ultimately terraforming. It also includes supporting the development of launch technologies, transportation systems that allow us to get to Mars, power systems for use on Mars.

What do you say to those who think we should settle the moon first?

I disagree with that argument, but I can respect it. I can respect the people who say, "We should go to the moon, it's closer, we know how to do it, and there's a water ice near the lunar south pole which we could make use of to help us explore the moon.” If you did do that, it would certainly restore a sense of confidence and accomplishment to the human spaceflight program.

But the Trump administration isn't doing that. If you're saying that you need to go to the moon before you go to Mars, then go to the moon. Instead, they come up with this ridiculous idea that before they go to the moon they will put a space station in orbit around the moon. You do not need a space station in orbit around the moon to go to the moon. You do not need a space station around the moon to go to Mars.

If you build such a station, the bureaucracy would unquestionably impose a requirement on all lunar missions that they go there on the way to the moon because otherwise it would look ridiculous that you built this space station that you never actually use. That will make moon missions harder to do because it's easier to go straight to the moon. It's like somebody saying: Let's build an airport in Sherbrooke, Canada, and anyone leaving New York City has to stop there on their way to London. And sure, you could do that on your way to London but it's not helping you get to London. To say nothing of all the money you're wasting on this airport in an out-of-the-way place.
Recommended
Florida woman faces life in prison for former husband's murder

The Apollo program generated tremendous excitement and fostered a sense of national unity. Could a mission to Mars do the same?

When I was growing up, the government was able to do great things. My parents, my uncles, they all participated in World War II. While I was a kid, we were building an interstate highway system, and as a teenager, we were going to the moon. You had a political class that was united around such purposes. Since then it has severely degenerated. There's a real problem here. It goes way beyond the problems of the space program in terms of fixing the American political class.

We could not build the interstate highway system today. Different factions would sabotage each other and prevent things from getting done. So it's going to take some real statecraft to put Humpty Dumpty back together again, in the terms of the U.S. government's capacity to undertake great projects. Of course, part of the reason why the American political class, in the period from the ‘40s to the ‘60s, was able to do great things was because they had been forged in the furnace of war. People understood how to get things done and how to work together. And while some of the people who did Apollo understood it as a step to human expansion to space, for much of the political class it was to win the Cold War.

Perhaps we need that sort of challenge. Maybe if we're challenged by the Chinese or the Russians, or someone takes it seriously and they rally the nation that we are going to continue to be the vanguard of humanity, and we're going to celebrate our good deeds in newspapers and not in museums, maybe they can rally the nation.

What role should commercial spaceflight companies play?

Starting in the ‘90s you started to see private ventures, billionaires saying, "I'm going to open space this year, I'm going to start a rocket company.” There were several that were started that all failed during the ‘90s until [SpaceX CEO Elon] Musk came along and succeeded. Since I am well acquainted with those previous efforts as well as Musk, I can tell you why he succeeded and why they didn't. He didn't just throw some money at the problem and quit as soon as it got tough. He put not only his fortune but his heart, mind and his soul into it. He learned rocketry himself, and he didn't give up when his first three launches failed.

Fortune favors the brave, fortune favors the tough and fortune favors the smart, and he had all three. He attracted a really superb team of committed people who began to see that this could really happen, that they could really make history by doing this, and they're doing it.

Are any of the other spaceflight companies doing things that excite or inspire you?

The one that comes to mind immediately is Blue Origin, which was founded by Jeff Bezos. They have a somewhat different approach. Their motto is: step by step ferociously, one step at a time. These guys are marching ahead at a steady pace. Musk is running a blitzkrieg.

It will be interesting to see which one prevails, whether the careful step-by-step approach prevails or whether pedal to the metal is the one that gets us there.

And I'm aware of other groups of people in Russia, for example, who would like to pull together a Russian SpaceX. There's certainly the technical expertise over there and the sources of capital. I have to believe that there are people in China who would want to do this, and you also have Virgin Galactic, which is being financed by British billionaire Richard Branson. And there's another called Stratolaunch that is backed by Microsoft billionaire Paul Allen. I'm willing to bet right now that five years from now there will be at least 10 such ventures going on in the world.

So you're optimistic?

I am, I really am. It took me a while because I saw the difficulties that people who were trying to do this privately encountered in the ‘90s. In fact, I myself was involved in one such venture that did get off the ground a little bit but eventually failed about 10 years later. It's a really hard thing to do, but it's now been proven that it can be done. Once it's shown that it can be done — it's the belief that something can be done that is the key to being able to do it.

This seems very personal to you. Why is that?

That's an interesting question. First of all, it's important that we embrace this kind of future, an expansive future. I think it's important not just to the future but to the present because if people think that we're confined to the Earth and there's only so much to go around, it sets nations against each other. It's a setup for another world war, the belief that there's only so much to go around.

I've believed for a long time, that even in the ‘60s you could see the two different choices being laid out: the “Star Trek” future or the "Soylent Green" future, and one was magnificent and the other was horrible. For a while in the ‘60s, it seemed like we were well on our way to making this happen.

I was 17 when we landed on the moon, and if anyone had told me then that I'd be 66 and we wouldn't have cities on the moon and Mars, I would have thought they were just nuts, because the vision we had of what the future was going to be certainly included human expansion into the solar system. And at the rate we were moving in the ‘60s, it certainly would have happened. But it was stopped and I don't know that I can say I accepted it.

In the ‘80s, I went back to graduate school and became an engineer and became acquainted with some other people of my own generation who basically had the same thoughts and had basically started this thing to try to recommit the nation to taking on this sort of challenge. And I picked it up. People sometimes ask me: do I want to go to Mars myself? Sure, but I don't think I'll have that chance. I might have had that chance had the space program continued at its Apollo speed. I would have been just the right age to participate in such an effort, but that didn't happen. But if I can do something significant to help make it happen sooner or later, that's good enough for me.

~

The Arctic has experienced the "most unprecedented transition in history" in terms of warming temperatures and melting ice, and those changes may be the cause of extreme weather around the globe, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's 2018 Arctic Report Card.

The annual report released Tuesday says rapid warming over the past three decades has led to a 95 percent decline of the Arctic's oldest and thickest ice. This research comes as world leaders convene at the U.N. climate summit in Poland this week where they are debating whether to embrace the findings of an October report by the International Panel on Climate Change.

The melting of sea ice is one of the most conspicuous examples of climate change in the Arctic, and scientists say it may be the catalyst for extreme environmental events across the world.

According to NOAA, the Arctic is warming at twice the rate of the rest of the globe, which is melting some of the region's oldest ice. That old ice is resistant to melting and helps keep the Arctic cold in the summer when the majority of ice melts off, says Emily Osborne, lead editor of the report and a researcher with NOAA's Arctic Research Program.

"When observations started back in the '70s, we had about 16 percent of the ice cover in the Arctic [that] was very old or more than four years old," she tells Here & Now's Robin Young. "And this year we're seeing that ... less than 1 percent of the Arctic ice pack is very old, multiyear ice." 

Scientists observed record low sea-ice levels in the Bering Sea, off western Alaska, during the winter when ice is supposed to accumulate, according to the report. Instead, the Bering Sea lost a section of ice the size of Idaho.

Without sea ice cover to deflect sunlight, the ocean will absorb more sunlight and the planet will continue to get warmer, Osborne says. According to the report, Arctic Ocean temperatures are rising and sea ice levels are falling at rates not seen in the past 1,500 years.

Sea ice melt doesn't directly lead to sea-level rise, but warmer ocean temperatures in the Arctic could, says Robert Graham, a climate scientist at the Norwegian Polar Institute.

"This melting is not going to affect sea-level rise in itself because the ice is already in the ocean," Graham told Here & Now's Jeremy Hobson earlier this year. "But if this leads to a larger warming area of the Arctic, you could start melting land glaciers on Greenland that could contribute to sea-level rise."

Along with the lack of ice and the rising temperatures, Osborne says harmful algae blooms in the Arctic Ocean are poisoning marine life and affecting coastal communities that rely on the ocean for their economic survival.

Arctic temperatures can also alter the behavior of the jet stream, the atmospheric currents that influence global weather, Osborne says. A wavy jet stream can cause extreme weather, such as last year's winter storms in the U.S. and an unusual cold snap in Europe this March referred to as "The Beast From the East."

"As the Arctic is warming at this really rapid rate, the jet stream is in fact slowing down, and as it slows, it creates these wobbles," she says. "When we have this wavy jet stream pattern, which can really persist as we saw in 2018 for months at a time, we have these really different air masses reaching different parts of the globe." 	

The report also found that reindeer and caribou populations have declined 56 percent in the past two decades because of environmental changes in the Arctic. And microplastic is accumulating in higher concentrations in the Arctic Ocean than in all other ocean basins in the world.

As Arctic ice continues to melt, the opening of new waterways in the Arctic Ocean can also have geopolitical consequences as countries compete for new resources, Osborne says. It could also leave the U.S. Northern border and Alaska more vulnerable.

And yet, the U.S. has joined with Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Russia in refusing to endorse the IPCC report. President Trump has also said he will withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Agreement.

Despite the lack of support in Washington, Osborne says scientists are focused on arming people in "the ground zero of climate change," such as those who live in the Arctic, with this information, so they can adapt to environmental changes.

"I wouldn't say that it's too late," she says. "I am not ready to give up hope."  

~

Life on Earth takes billions of shapes, but to see most of them you'll have to dig deep below the planet's surface.

For the past 10 years, that's what the scientists of the Deep Carbon Observatory (DCO) have been doing. Composed of more than 1,000 scientists from 52 countries around the world, this group of scientists maps the weird, wild life of Earth's "deep biosphere" — the mysterious patchwork of underground ecosystems that exists between Earth's surface and its core. It might sound like an unglamorous world of dirt, darkness and daunting pressure but, according to new research from the DCO, harsh conditions haven't stopped millions of undiscovered species of microbial life from evolving there since the planet's birth.

In a statement that dubs Earth's deep biosphere a "subterranean Galapagos" waiting to be studied, DCO scientists estimate that the sheer biomass of carbon-based life lurking below our feet utterly dwarfs the amount of life roaming the Earth's surface. With about 17 billion to 25 billion tons of carbon (15 to 23 billion metric tonnes) under the planet's surface, DCO researchers estimate there is nearly 300 to 400 times as much carbon biomass underground (most of it still undiscovered) as there is in all the humans on Earth.

"Even in dark and energetically challenging conditions, intraterrestrial ecosystems have uniquely evolved and persisted over millions of years," Fumio Inagaki, a geomicrobiologist at the Japan Agency for Marine-Earth Science and Technology and DCO member, said in the statement. "Expanding our knowledge of deep life will inspire new insights into planetary habitability, leading us to understand why life emerged on our planet and whether life persists in the Martian subsurface and other celestial bodies.

Indeed, studying Earth's deep microbial life has already pushed the understanding of the conditions under which life can thrive. Researchers have drilled miles into the seafloor and sampled the microbiomes from mines and boreholes at hundreds of sites around the world. Data from these sites suggest that the world's deep biosphere spans roughly 500 million cubic miles (2.3 billion cubic kilometers) — about twice the volume of all the Earth's oceans — and houses about 70 percent of all the planet's bacteria and single-cell archaea.

Some of these species make their homes among the world's hottest, deepest niches. A frontrunner for Earth's hottest organism in nature is the single-celled Geogemma barossii, according to the statement. Living in hydrothermal vents on the seafloor, this microscopic spherical lifeform grows and replicates at 250 degrees Fahrenheit (121 degrees Celsius), well above the boiling point of water at 212 degrees F (100 degrees C).

Meanwhile, the record for deepest-known life so far is about 3 miles (5 km) below the continental subsurface and 6.5 miles (10.5 km) below the ocean's surface. Under this much water, extreme pressure becomes an unavoidable fact of life; at about 1,300 feet (400 meters) depth, the pressure is about 400 times greater than at sea level, the researchers wrote.

Expanding what we know about the limits of life on Earth could potentially give scientists new criteria for searching for life on other planets. If there are potentially millions of undiscovered organisms growing, thriving and evolving in the dark of our planet's crust, then our studies of biodiversity on Earth so far have, literally, only scratched the surface.

~

El Niños will be stronger and more frequent in the decades ahead  because of global warming, causing "more extreme events" in the United States and around the world, a study said Wednesday.

A natural phenomenon marked by warmer-than-average seawater in the tropical Pacific Ocean, El Niño is Earth's most influential climate pattern. A weak one is forecast to form at some point this winter, federal scientists have said.

Rather than once every 15 years, powerful El Niños will occur roughly once every 10 years, said study lead author Wenju Cai, a scientist with the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization in Australia.

Researchers used 17 climate models to determine how ocean temperatures will increase by 2100 as levels of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases increase in Earth's atmosphere. 

They found that the physical processes in the ocean and atmosphere that produce strong El Niños will be supercharged by human-caused climate change.

The entire natural climate cycle is officially known as El Niño – Southern Oscillation (ENSO), which swings between warmer and cooler seawater in the tropical Pacific. Cooler-than-average ocean water is known as La Niña. The cycle is the primary factor government scientists consider when announcing their winter weather forecast.

Strong El Niños can lead to floods in the western United States, Ecuador and northeast Peru and to droughts in nations that border the western Pacific Ocean, the study finds. 

During extreme El Niños, marine life in the eastern Pacific can die off, and mass bleaching of corals across the Pacific and beyond can occur.

The study was published in Nature, a peer-reviewed British journal.

A new El Niño forecast will be released by federal scientists from the Climate Prediction Center on Thursday.

~

Microsoft has released version 16.20.18120801 of Office 365 for the Mac platform, bringing support for a couple of key Mac features introduced in September's macOS 10.14 Mojave release, as well as a number of small features and user experience improvements not related to Mojave.

The headline feature is, of course, dark mode support, which requires Mojave to work. Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook all support Mojave's dark theme. Also related to Mojave, you can now use Apple's Continuity Camera feature to insert a photo directly from your iPhone's photos to a slide in PowerPoint.

Most of the notable additions that don't require Mojave are for Outlook. You can click on a meeting event in your calendar to see a list of attendees or disable forwarding of meeting invites by attendees to keep your meetings from ballooning to include people you don't want. There's also support for creating Microsoft Teams meetings directly from Outlook, the ability to share your calendar with other people, and a new multiple-time-zone view for the calendar for up to three time zones.

Microsoft also expanded the proofreading tools in PowerPoint with grammar suggestions. In Microsoft Word, you can now check a box labeled "Embed fonts in file" to make sure that your document looks as intended on the computers it's viewed on, even if the target computer didn't already have all the necessary fonts. This feature was already added to PowerPoint back in September.

Microsoft has updated Office 365 for Mac monthly for some time. Last month, the company added Web picture support directly in Word, Excel, and PowerPoint; new mail encryption features for Outlook; and a new view in PowerPoint, called "summary zoom."

However, some major changes, like a total overhaul and redesign of Outlook, are still pending in future updates.

~

Researchers borrowed equations from calculus to redesign the core machinery of deep learning so it can model continuous processes like changes in health.

An AI researcher at the University of Toronto, he wanted to build a deep-learning model that would predict a patient’s health over time. But data from medical records is kind of messy: throughout your life, you might visit the doctor at different times for different reasons, generating a smattering of measurements at arbitrary intervals. A traditional neural network struggles to handle this. Its design requires it to learn from data with clear stages of observation. Thus it is a poor tool for modeling continuous processes, especially ones that are measured irregularly over time.

The challenge led Duvenaud and his collaborators at the university and the Vector Institute to redesign neural networks as we know them. Last week their paper was among four others crowned “best paper” at the Neural Information Processing Systems conference, one of the largest AI research gatherings in the world.

Neural nets are the core machinery that make deep learning so powerful. A traditional neural net is made up of stacked layers of simple computational nodes that work together to find patterns in data. The discrete layers are what keep it from effectively modeling continuous processes (we’ll get to that).

In response, Duvenaud’s design scraps the layers entirely. (He’s quick to note that his team didn’t come up with this idea. They were just the first to implement it in a generalizable way.) To understand how this is possible, let’s walk through what the layers do in the first place.

The most common process for training a neural network (a.k.a. supervised learning) involves feeding it a bunch of labeled data. Let’s say you wanted to build a system that recognizes different animals. You’d feed a neural net animal pictures paired with corresponding animal names. Under the hood, it begins to solve a crazy mathematical puzzle. It looks at all the picture-name pairs and figures out a formula that reliably turns one (the image) into the other (the category). Once it cracks that puzzle, it can reuse the formula again and again to correctly categorize any new animal photo—most of the time.

But finding a single formula to describe the entire picture-to-name transformation would be overly broad and result in a low-accuracy model. It would be like trying to use a single rule to differentiate cats and dogs. You could say dogs have floppy ears. But some dogs don’t and some cats do, so you’d end up with a lot of false negatives and positives.

This is where a neural net’s layers come in. They break up the transformation process into steps and let the network find a series of formulas that each describe a stage of the process. So the first layer might take in all the pixels and use a formula to pick out which ones are most relevant for cats versus dogs. A second layer might use another to construct larger patterns from groups of pixels and figure out whether the image has whiskers or ears. Each subsequent layer would identify increasingly complex features of the animal, until the final layer decides “dog” on the basis of the accumulated calculations. This step-by-step breakdown of the process allows a neural net to build more sophisticated models—which in turn should lead to more accurate predictions.

The layer approach has served the AI field well—but it also has a drawback. If you want to model anything that transforms continuously over time, you also have to chunk it up into discrete steps. In practice, if we returned to the health example, that would mean grouping your medical records into finite periods like years or months. You could see how this would be inexact. If you went to the doctor on January 11 and again on November 16, the data from both visits would be grouped together under the same year.

So the best way to model reality as close as possible is to add more layers to increase the granularity. (Why not break your records up into days or even hours? You could have gone to the doctor twice in one day!) Taken to the extreme, this means the best neural network for this job would have an infinite number of layers to model infinitesimal step-changes. The question is whether this idea is even practical.

If this is starting to sound familiar, that’s because we have arrived at exactly the kind of problem that calculus was invented to solve. Calculus gives you all these nice equations for how to calculate a series of changes across infinitesimal steps—in other words, it saves you from the nightmare of modeling continuous change in discrete units. This is the magic of Duvenaud’s paper: it replaces the layers with calculus equations.

The result is really not even a network anymore; there are no more nodes and connections, just one continuous slab of computation. That’s why the paper renames this design an “ODE solver”—ODE for “ordinary differential equations.” (They still need to work on their branding.)

If your brain hurts (trust me, mine does too), here’s a nice analogy that Duvenaud uses to tie it all together. Consider a continuous musical instrument like a violin, where you can slide your hand along the string to play any frequency you want; now consider a discrete one like a piano, where you have a distinct number of keys to play a limited number of frequencies. A traditional neural network is like a piano: try as you might, you won’t be able to play a slide. You will only be able to approximate the slide by playing a scale. Even if you retuned your piano so the note frequencies were really close together, you would still be approximating the slide with a scale. Switching to an ODE solver is like switching your piano to a violin. It’s not necessarily always the right tool, but it is more suitable for certain tasks.

In addition to being able to model continuous change, an ODE solver also changes certain aspects of training. With a traditional neural net, you have to specify the number of layers you want in your net at the start of training, then wait until the training is done to find out how accurate the model is. The new method allows you to specify your desired accuracy first, and it will find the most efficient way to train itself within that margin of error. On the flip side, you know from the start how much time it will take a traditional neural net to train. Not so much when using an ODE solver. These are the trade-offs that researchers will have to make, explains Duvenaud, when they decide which technique to use in the future.

Currently, the paper offers a proof of concept for the design, “but it’s not ready for prime time yet,” Duvenaud says. Like any initial technique proposed in the field, it still needs to fleshed out, experimented on, and improved until it can be put into production. But method has the potential to shake up the field—in the same way that Ian Goodfellow did when he published his paper on GANs.

“Many of the key advances in the field of machine learning have come in the area of neural networks,” says Richard Zemel, the research director at the Vector Institute, who was not involved in the paper. “The paper will likely spur a whole range of follow-up work, particularly in time-series models, which are foundational in AI applications such as health care.”

Just remember that when ODE solvers blow up, you read about it here first.

next_category
SPONGEBOB:

    Narrator: Mrs. Puff's Boating School. Where diligent students learn the rules of the road.
    Mrs. Puff: Everyone, put down your books, because it's time to pick out the hall monitor of the day! [SpongeBob squeezes his pencil so hard it shoots up into the air] Let's see here. This weeks hall monitor will be Bart, Jimmy, no, no, Tina, Ralph, mm... [gasps] [shaking nervously]...SpongeBob...! [SpongeBob moves his desk between two rows] It's Jimmy! Jimmy's the hall monitor.
    Jimmy: Mrs. Puff, I've done it already! [SpongeBob moves his desk closer]
    Mrs. Puff: Ohh... Phil?
    Phil: No way, Mrs. Puff. [SpongeBob moves his desk closer]
    Mrs. Puff: Uhh, Tina, you're the hall monitor.
    Tina: Hey, I've done it three times already! [SpongeBob moves up closer]
    Mrs. Puff: B...uh...B-Beth!
    Student: She graduated!
    Mrs. Puff: Henry?! [SpongeBob moves closer] Vera?! [SpongeBob moves closer] Clayton?! [SpongeBob is poking Mrs. Puff with his desk as she sighs] Alright, I guess I have no choice. [gulps] The hall monitor of the day is [she sighs] SpongeBob. [SpongeBob launches into the air]
    SpongeBob: Yahoo! Hall monitor SpongeBob reporting for duty, ma'am! I am ready to assume my position... in the hall! I will protect all that are weak... in the hall! All rules will be enforced... in the hall!
    Mrs. Puff: Okay! Just take the hat and belt. [tries handing him uniform]
    SpongeBob: I can't accept that yet, ma'am. First, I have to make my speech.
    Mrs. Puff: You can't make this easy, can you?
    SpongeBob: Classmates! Who am I to deserve such a great honor? Why, I would be nothing without Mrs. Puff.
    Mrs. Puff: Give me a break.
    SpongeBob: And to my public, all I can say is I'm touched. And furthermore, I will carry out my duties... [clock moves forward in time as SpongeBob continues his speech] ...crime and punishment, punishment and crime in the hall! [at this point almost everyone, is asleep] Which reminds me of an extremely long speech written by the greatest hall monitor of all time. [takes out a long roll of paper] "Friends, students, juvenile delinquents, lend me your ears." [the clock has disappeared, and it is now much later in the day. Puff is asleep at her desk] In conclusion, and without a moment to spare, I will put on this uniform [takes out the hat and belt] and assume my duties as... [puts on the uniform] ...hall monitor! Wish me luck, Mrs. Puff! [walks towards the door then turns around] Oh, and I will be re... [bell rings as all students run over SpongeBob]
    Mrs. Puff: SpongeBob, are you okay?
    SpongeBob: I overdid the speech again, didn't I?
    Mrs. Puff: I'm afraid so.
    SpongeBob: Aww, tartar sauce. I guess I won't be needing this. [takes off his uniform] I hardly knew ya. [gives uniform to Mrs. Puff and walks away saddened]
    Mrs. Puff: Uhh... SpongeBob?
    SpongeBob: Yes, Mrs. Puff?
    Mrs. Puff: I can at least let you wear it until tomorrow.
    SpongeBob: A-hoo! [dives into the uniform] Thanks, Mrs. Puff!
    Mrs. Puff: What are the consequences of what I've just done? [cut to SpongeBob walking down the street, singing somewhat incomprehensibly. Then notices a broken traffic light]
    SpongeBob: Broken traffic light! Who's to say my monitor duties should end just because the bell rang? I can be helpful anywhere! This looks like a job for the hall monitor! [directs traffic, with a whistle, to their destination using all sorts of hand gestures, but ends up causing a huge wreck in the end] What would this town do without you, SpongeBob?
    Fred: My leg! My leg!
    SpongeBob: On patrol. I'm on patrol. [notices a house with an open window] Uh-oh, an open window. [peeks through the window and there is a couple eating]
    Vera: More seaweed medley, dear?
    SpongeBob: The fools. They've left themselves susceptible to danger. I must show them the error of their ways through example. [jumps through the window and onto their table in a ski mask, screaming as he does so] I'm the open window maniac! [both run out screaming] I hope you learned a valuable lesson! [shuts the window and begins walking again] On patrol. I'm on patrol. I'm on patrol... [gasps as he sees a puddle of pink goo on the ground] Vandals! Another crime. [takes his finger and tastes the pink goo] hmm...strawberry! I must act! [more pink goo falls on his head. He looks up and sees Patrick eating some strawberry ice cream] Patrick... [looks around for the voice he just heard] Patrick... Patrick...
    Patrick: My ice cream! It's alive! [screams and throws away the ice cream]
    SpongeBob: Patrick! Down here!
    Patrick: Oh, SpongeBob, it's you. [ice cream cone is on SpongeBob's face]
    SpongeBob: Patrick. Come down here. [Patrick jumps down on top of SpongeBob]
    Patrick: SpongeBob? SpongeBob?
    SpongeBob: I'm down here.
    Patrick: Hehe, you look funny! Hi, SpongeBob.
    SpongeBob: That's hall monitor to you!
    Patrick: Sorry, officer.
    SpongeBob: Sorry's not good enough, Patrick. You've committed a crime, and I'm taking you in.
    Patrick: What crime? [shows him the ice cream that is on the ground] I'm a bad person! [cries]
    Newspaper Boy: [High Voice] Extra! Extra! "Maniac strikes Bikini Bottom!" City paralyzed with fear! [gives one to SpongeBob] [Gruff Voice] Take it, friends. Arm yourselves with knowledge. [runs off] [High voice again] Extra! Extra! Maniac strikes Bikini Bottom!
    SpongeBob: [reads paper] "Maniac. Bikini Bottom? Car wrecks? Break-in?". Who better to bring this maniac to justice than me, the hall monitor! But I can't handle this case alone. Patrick, are you ready to give up your life of crime?
    Patrick: [still crying] I wanna be good!
    SpongeBob: Hmmm... now you just need a symbol of authority. [Patrick puts the ice cream cone on his head] Perfect! It is our duty to catch this maniac and bring him to justice! But how to proceed? Listen, deputy, you're an ex-criminal. What would you do?
    Patrick: Hmmm... I'd get an ice cream! [both walk out an ice cream store with ice cream]
    SpongeBob: Okay, now what?
    Patrick: Hmmm... [both come out the ice cream store again with ice cream]
    SpongeBob: This isn't working. We've got to do something else. Something with walkie-talkies! [takes out two walkie-talkies. Patrick grabs one and is elated with joy] And now, duty calls! Alright, deputy, I'll go that way, you go some different way! Run ‘em out! [SpongeBob runs off sounding like a siren. The police come driving up and stop beside Patrick]
    Officer Rob: Afternoon, son.
    Patrick: Hello, brothers. [salutes to the officers, then raises both eyebrows whilst pointing to his cone hat]
    Officer Rob: Son, we're looking for the maniac.
    Officer John: Have you seen THIS MAN?! [He whips out a poster that says WANTED MANIAC with SpongeBob's picture on it.]
    Patrick: [screams] It's the maniac! Take him away, take him away!
    Officer Rob: Calm down, son. It's just a drawing, not the real thing. Now we're gonna show you this picture again, and you tell us if you've seen this guy. Understand?
    Patrick: Yeah, uh-huh.
    Officer Rob: Okay. [Officer John shows Patrick the poster again]
    Patrick: [screams] Horrible!
    [Officer John removes the poster, bemused. He holds up the poster again. Patrick screams again. Both cops then look at each other and smile slyly. Officer John repeatedly shows and takes away the poster as Patrick screams every single time. Eventually, the cops decide they've had enough fun.]
    Officer Rob: Stay indoors, son.
    Officer John: And, uhh, take that cone off your head. [both laugh as they drive off]
    Patrick: [takes out walkie-talkie] SpongeBob? Come in, SpongeBob. Answer!
    SpongeBob: SpongeBob here, Patrick. Report.
    Patrick: [over walkie-talkie] I don't wanna be a policeman anymore. I'm scared!
    SpongeBob: Get a hold of yourself, deputy.
    Patrick: [over walkie-talkie, sobbing] I wanna go home!
    SpongeBob: Poor rookie. Alright, I'm on my way back.
    Patrick: Hurry, SpongeBob, I think it's getting... [the bright sky suddenly, becomes dark] ...dark.
    SpongeBob: Just put on your siren and I'll be right there.
    Patrick: Wee-woo. Wee-woo. Wee-woo. Wee-woo. [Patrick picks up the poster that the officers showed him earlier. Then sees a darkish figure down the road. It's SpongeBob, but Patrick doesn't realize it] [gasps loudly] Wee-woo! Wee-woo! Wee-woo! SpongeBob! I see him!
    SpongeBob: [over walkie-talkie] Where is he, Patrick?
    Patrick: [over walkie-talkie] At the intersection of Conch and Coral. [SpongeBob turns his head around to read the street sign]
    SpongeBob: That's where I am! He's right on top of me, but I can't see him! What's he doing?
    Patrick: Uhh, he's just standing there... MENACINGLY! [screams over walkie-talkie] GET OUT OF THERE, SPONGEBOB! [SpongeBob screams] THAT'S HIS MANIAC SHRIEK! HE'S GOING TO ATTACK! [SpongeBob cries while running around in circles] He's acting all crazy! RUN! HIDE BEHIND THAT BUILDING! [SpongeBob hides behind the building] NO, HE'S BEHIND THAT BUILDING! OH, QUICK, HIDE BEHIND THAT STREET SIGN! [SpongeBob hides behind the street sign] NO WAIT! THE MANIAC JUST WENT BEHIND THAT SIGN! QUICK! GET UNDER THE STREET LIGHT! [SpongeBob gets under the street lights] NO WAIT, AGH, HE'S THERE, TOO! RUN FOR YOUR LIFE! [SpongeBob jumps inside a mailbox. As he tries to relax, the radio is cutting out]
    SpongeBob: [over walkie-talkie] Say again, deputy?
    Patrick: THE MANIAC'S IN THE MAILBOX! [SpongeBob screams and bursts his arms and legs through the mailbox. He alternates between screaming and crazily jabbering as he runs through three buildings, causing them to topple over, and crashes through a fence plasted with wanted posters]
    SpongeBob: [takes a look at a wanted poster] Huh, this guy's not half-bad-looking for a maniac. Wait a minute, Patrick, I'm the maniac! [Patrick screams in the background and a mass of police cars surround SpongeBob]
    Officer Durado: We'll take that as a confession. [Mrs. Puff appears]
    Mrs. Puff: SpongeBob SquarePants, there you are! I turn my back on you for one minute and you destroy half the city! You should be ashamed of yourself! [SpongeBob slumps sadly at these words]
    Officer #1: You know this guy?
    Mrs. Puff: Of course I do. I'm the one who gave him the uniform in the first place. He's my responsibility. [the cops glare at her] Uh-oh... [at the boating school where the whole class, except SpongeBob, is sleeping. Mrs. Puff is teaching class from jail through the TV] And in conclusion, students: red means stop, green means go. And SpongeBob...
    SpongeBob: [frowns nervously] Yes, Mrs. Puff?
    Mrs. Puff: I'd like to see you after class. Six months from now! [jail closure sound]

    SpongeBob: Good morning, Bikini Bottom! Ahh, what a beautiful day! [SpongeBob's hand appears from a sand castle pineapple with his face drawn on his hand] I wonder if Patrick's at home.
    Patrick: Hiya, SpongeBob! [Patrick's hand comes over from a sand castle rock with his face drawn on his hand] Whatcha doin'?
    SpongeBob: Goin' over to Sandy's place. [both hands walk off together and arrive at a sand-made treedome] Hey, what's this? This doesn't look like Sandy's place.
    Sandy: Don't lose your barnacles, boys. Hi-yah! [Chops sand castle peak down making a sand image of Texas] There it is!
    SpongeBob: What is it?
    Sandy: Can't you see? It's Texas.
    SpongeBob: Texas? What's a Texas? [a wave covers sand and ruins Sandy's Texas display]
    Sandy: Ohh, it's nothing but a memory now.
    SpongeBob: All right then. Let's make one of your treedome.
    Sandy: You know, all of a sudden, I don't feel like sand castles, SpongeBob. I'll see y'all later. [walks off]
    SpongeBob: Sandy? Hi-yah!
    Sandy: Aww, SpongeBob, I'm not feeling up to karate now.
    SpongeBob: Oh-ho. I get it. Not feeling up to karate, huh? Whatever you say, Sandy. [Turns around] Boy, I hope Sandy doesn't attack me from me from behind. Hi-yah! [grabs Don the Whale from behind and flips him over onto the ground. Don growls like a dog and punches SpongeBob]
    SpongeBob: Uhh, Sandy? [surfs in the air] Surf's up, Sandy!
    Sandy: No, thanks. [enters Jellyfish Fields. Jellyfish are heard buzzing]
    SpongeBob: [Runs after a jellyfish with a net] Boy, there's nothing like going jellyfishing! [Patrick runs after one while laughing, then falls on his face. He gets up and runs again]
    SpongeBob: Look, Sandy, we caught one!
    Sandy: Listen, SpongeBob. Right now, I don't want to build sand castles, play karate, or eat jellyfish.
    SpongeBob: [laughs] We don't eat 'em! We let 'em go!
    Patrick: Fly away, little critter!
    SpongeBob: Go on, go back to where you belong. [the jellyfish flies away as Sandy watches teary-eyed] Run along, back to your family and friends. I know they miss you as much as you miss them. Hurry, before they forget you and leave you behind. Remember: there's no place like home! [Sandy cries filling her helmet with tears. She takes a flusher handle and attaches it to her helmet, then she pulls it down and all the water drains out. Sandy gasps for air and pants] Sandy, what the heck are you crying about?
    Sandy: I ain't crying! My helmet just sprung a leak!
    SpongeBob: [suspicious] Sandy...
    Sandy: [confessing] Oh, I guess I'm just feeling a little homesick.
    SpongeBob: Homesick, huh? [SpongeBob thinks, and later, Sandy is blindfolded as SpongeBob and Patrick take her somewhere] Almost there.
    Sandy: Heck gum it, SpongeBob, what is it?
    SpongeBob: Da-ta-dah. [the three are standing outside the Treedome]
    SpongeBob and Patrick: Welcome home, Sandy!
    [pause. Sandy cries and runs into the treedome]
    SpongeBob: Sandy?
    Sandy: Go away. [pulls a lever which brings down a metal covering on the treedome]
    SpongeBob: I don't get it, Patrick! What's wrong with Sandy?
    Patrick: Maybe it's just a squirrel thing.. [a hole opens up in the top of the dome and Sandy comes out wearing a cowgirl hat and holding a guitar. Sandy tunes it]
    Sandy: ♪Wish I was back in Texas. The ocean's no place for a squirrel.♪ [live action Texas scenery appears behind her] ♪Wish I was in Texas, prettiest place in the world oh no. I guess that deep in my heart, I'll always be a Texas girl. I wanna go hooooooooooooooome, home.♪ [some clams howl along. SpongeBob and Patrick hear the music]
    SpongeBob: [gasps] Patrick, do you hear that? [Patrick has the notes going around him]
    Patrick: Arrrgh! Get them off me! Get them off me!
    SpongeBob: Wait, Patrick, listen. It's Sandy.
    Sandy: ♪I wanna wake up in Texas.♪ [live action scenery is shown] ♪I miss those wide open skies. I miss my twenty acres, barbecues and pecan pies, oh, why? When I'm so far from you Texas, all I can do is cry.♪ [a live-action squirrel sheds a tear. SpongeBob and Patrick start sobbing. At the Krusty Krab, Mr. Krabs hears the song, too, and starts sobbing also and accidentally gets hit by the cash register.]
    Fish #1, #2, #3: Please Make It Stop! [Two customers are also sobbing; one dries his eyes with his Krabby Patty and gives it to the next person who blows his nose on it]
    Sandy: ♪I wanna go hoooommme.♪ [Junior Brown's voice] ♪I wanna go home.♪ [as she sings she goes back into the Treedome. SpongeBob and Patrick continue sobbing and then stop]
    Patrick: Do you think she knows the Muffin Man song?
    SpongeBob: Patrick, she sang that song from her heart. She really misses Texas.
    Patrick: Well, let's get some Texas and bring it down here!
    SpongeBob: Patrick, we can't...that's it! Patrick, your genius is showing!
    Patrick: [mishears, and frantically covers himself] Where?
    [Later, SpongeBob and Patrick have gotten everything ready at the Krusty Krab]
    SpongeBob: Everything looks perfect. We're going to get Sandy now.
    Mr. Krabs: [from inside] Well, hurry up, lads! We can't squat like this forever!
    [at Sandy's house where SpongeBob & Patrick are playing leapfrog while going to her treedome]
    SpongeBob and Patrick: Krusty Krab! Krusty Krab! Sandy's surprise is at the Krusty Krab!
    Patrick: Wait until she sees the...
    SpongeBob: Shh! Don't spoil the surprise! [SpongeBob knocks, Sandy opens her door]
    SpongeBob and Patrick: Hey, Sandy!
    SpongeBob: You want to come with us to the Krusty Krab?
    Sandy: [walks out with two suitcases] Hey, SpongeBob. Hey, Patrick.
    SpongeBob: What are you doing with those bags?
    Sandy: I'm going back home to Texas.
    SpongeBob: What?! Now?! You can't! I mean we...
    Sandy: It's time for this tumbleweed to tumble on home.
    SpongeBob: Wait, Sandy! You can't! Uhh, we we're gonna...the...the...Krusty Krab...that is not the right direction! Wait, if you don't...if I can't...augh! Sandy! Wait a second! You don't wanna leave without having one last Krabby Patty down at the Krusty Krab?
    Sandy: I'm tired of fish food, SpongeBob.
    SpongeBob: But, Sandy, don't you want to say goodbye to all your friends down at the Krusty Krab?
    Sandy: [gets on a bus] I just can't do that, SpongeBob. It'd be too sad.
    SpongeBob: No, no! Wait! Sandy! [the bus drives off] I can't believe she's gone.
    Patrick: Yeah. What's so great about dumb ol' Texas? [the bus suddenly speeds back; the doors open revealing a very angry Sandy]
    Sandy: What did you say?
    Patrick: Texas is dumb?
    Sandy: [the bus drives off again] Don't you dare take the name of Texas in vain!
    SpongeBob: You mean we can't say anything bad about dumb ol' Texas?
    Sandy: No, you can't!
    Patrick: Then can we say people from Texas are dumb?
    Sandy: No! You can't say nothing about Texas!
    SpongeBob: [gets an idea] Oh, so you mean we can't say anything bad about... [turns around; grabs his behind and shakes it and rolls eyes] Texas!
    Sandy: [blushes angrily] I'm warnin' you, SpongeBob!
    SpongeBob: Look, Patrick, I'm Texas! Duh, howdy, y'all! Howdy y'all!
    Patrick: I'm Texas, too! Git a dog, little longie! Git a dog!
    SpongeBob: Howdy y'all!
    Patrick: Git a dog, little longie! Git a dog!
    Sandy: Y'all best cut it out!
    SpongeBob: [while Patrick does armpit farts] The stars at night are dull and dim, whenever they have to be over dumb ol' stupid Texas! [Sandy gets steaming mad. SpongeBob turns into the shape of Texas] Hey, Patrick, what am I now?
    Patrick: Uhh, stupid?
    SpongeBob: No, I'm Texas!
    Patrick: What's the difference?! [SpongeBob and Patrick laugh]
    Sandy: [drops suitcases] Y'all best apologize, or I'm gonna be on you like ugly on an ape!
    SpongeBob: You'll have to catch us first! [SpongeBob and Patrick run off] We did it! We got her!
    Patrick: Krusty Krab, here we come! [turns head around to Sandy] Can we say that plants from Texas are dumb? Can we say that shoes from Texas are dumb?
    SpongeBob: Okay, Patrick, that's enough.
    Patrick: Why? You think that old slowpoke Texas is gonna... [...catch up, which she is. And fast. Patrick's eyes bug out and he screams]
    SpongeBob: Run faster, Patrick! [both of them scream; they go around each side of a huge rock. Sandy crashes right through the rock, obliterating it, and walks with a twirling rope. Her shoe engulfs the screen, Sandy ropes Patrick and brings him into the background]
    Patrick: [screams] SpongeBob! [Nuclear explosion is heard and a mushroom cloud appears. SpongeBob screams. SpongeBob stops in front of a leaf and shakes as Sandy karate chops the leaf and SpongeBob in half]
    Sandy: Hi-yah! [SpongeBob jumps with his halves and he gets back together] Y'all gonna take back what ya said!
    SpongeBob: No! Almost there! [runs toward the Krusty Krab. Sandy's rope turns into the shape of SpongeBob; SpongeBob screams. As he jumps for the Krusty Krab, Sandy throws her rope. SpongeBob hangs onto the door as Sandy pulls him towards her]
    Sandy: SpongeBob, you've been messing with the bull! Now here come the horns!
    SpongeBob: Sandy, no! [the front of the Krusty Krab tears off as Sandy has pulled tight enough]
    Everyone: Howdy, y'all!
    Sandy: Wha-what's this?
    SpongeBob: It's a party!
    Patrick: [hops over with arms and legs tied and covered in bandages] For you!
    Sandy: For me?!
    SpongeBob: It's your own little slice of Texas! Check it out, Sandy! We got square dancing... [Flats is holding a square] ...giant Barbecues... [Squidward is holding a sharp, spiky Q]
    Squidward: Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.
    SpongeBob: ...homemade peas-in-a-can pie... [Pearl is holding a pie with a can of peas in it] ...and we got our very own 10 gallon hats! [SpongeBob and Patrick put ten gallon water jugs on their heads] So, what do ya think? Are you gonna stay?
    [Sandy starts to laugh and tears of laughter spew out and fill her helmet. Everyone frowns as tears start to well up in SpongeBob and Patrick's eyes']
    SpongeBob: Don't cry anymore, Sandy, I'll go get your bags.
    Sandy: [takes out the flusher handle, attaches it to her helmet and flushes the water out again] I'm not crying, I'm laughing! I appreciate what y'all are trying to do, SpongeBob, but home isn't about barbecues and pecan pies, home is where you're surrounded by critters that care about ya. [Everyone gathers around Sandy]
    Sandy: Huh? Duh. What am I doing? I was home all along, and it took me until now to realize it.
    SpongeBob: Does that mean you'll stay?
    Sandy: I'm staying! [Everyone cheers, except Squidward]
    SpongeBob: That makes me feel all wiggly.
    Patrick: Yeah, who needs dumb ol' Texas? [cheering stops; cut back to the Bikini Atoll]
    Sandy: What did you just say?!
    Patrick: Should I start running now?

~

SpongeBob visits Sandy's treedome, and then sees that Sandy had built a rocket ship. Sandy explains to him that she is going to the moon, and SpongeBob begs her to take him with her. Although she insists that he cannot come and that this trip is for science and not for fun, SpongeBob's begging ultimately convinces her to let him come with her.

That night, Patrick comes to SpongeBob's house and gives him some "Alien Repellent," which they sneak into Sandy's treedome to spray on the windows. Even though they agree to only spray the windows, Patrick inadvertently enters the rocket, and SpongeBob follows. After playing with the ship's various features, SpongeBob accidentally starts up the rocket, which makes it loop over the moon a few times and then comes back to Bikini Bottom. SpongeBob and Patrick convinced that they're now on the Moon, think that the aliens are projecting their memories onto the environment to trick them.

They begin catching everyone with Sandy's net guns (intended for harvesting moon rocks), believing the citizens of Bikini Bottom are aliens. Eventually, they capture everyone in Bikini Bottom. When Sandy arrives and tries to chew them out for ruining her experiment, SpongeBob and Patrick shoot their net guns at her, capturing her too. Sandy attempts to explain the

truth to them, but they slam the door in her face. Suddenly, SpongeBob is convinced that Patrick is an alien. Patrick attempts to shoot him before he has a chance to capture him but ends up shooting and capturing himself. SpongeBob starts the rocket again to return home, and when it reaches the moon, the rocket crashes on top of it, having run out of gas. Noticing things are different, SpongeBob looks out the window to see the Earth where he realizes his mistake. All the captured fish, who are being stored in the cargo hold of the ship, say: "SpongeBob, we aliens would like a word with you." as the episode ends. 

~

On Pearl's birthday, Mr. Krabs attempts to cheaply entertain her party guests. When this does not receive a warm reception, he moves on to presenting Pearl with his present. She opens the package, eagerly hoping for a pair of the popular flipper slippers all her friends wear. What she finds instead is a pair of rubber fishing boots, a real bargain for Mr. Krabs but a mortifying gift for her. 

Left stuck with a two-dollar pair of boots, Mr. Krabs wonders what he can do with them. SpongeBob arrives to ask for his paycheck, and Mr. Krabs decides to play up the value of the boots, telling SpongeBob they are meant only for the world's greatest fry cook. SpongeBob longs to wear such a pair, but Mr. Krabs denies his request until SpongeBob offers up his paycheck in exchange. 

SpongeBob takes to the squeaky new boots immediately, much to the annoyance of Squidward. To Mr. Krabs' ears, the boots merely make the sound of money. That night, Mr. Krabs begins to dream about the cash lining his register, but the sounds of squeaking invade his slumber. He wakes to realize it's his window making the sound, but as he goes to close it, he steps into a knothole, breaks his leg literally in two and falls outside.

Limping back upstairs, he finally closes the window and returns to sleep, but the window opens once more. Repeated attempts eventually yield success, but he breaks his other leg on the way back to his hammock and becomes entangled in it, just as the window resumes squeaking open and closed. 

Trudging to work on bandaged legs, the tired Mr. Krabs looks forward to at least having a successful business day. He arrives to find Squidward leaving for vacation in a huff. Mr. Krabs cannot understand what could be wrong when business is booming, but it soon becomes clear as SpongeBob comes squeaking into view. Enthusiastic as ever about wearing the boots of the world's greatest fry cook, SpongeBob demonstrates how he hopes to live up to the title, performing various feats and squeaking all the while. Mr. Krabs grows ever more weak and weary, retreating to his office for peace. The sounds permeate inside, however, and he decides he must get rid of the boots once and for all. 


in:
Databases, Episodes, Season 1 episodes	
Squeaky Boots
English	
View source
Comments (102)
Share
This is the page about Squeaky Boots. If you were looking for the article about the boots, then see Squeaky boots (item).
Episode Information
[edit]
Arrow Left Episode · Transcript · Gallery Arrow Right· Credits
General
Season №:
1
Episode №:
8b
Airdate:
Flag of the United States September 4, 1999
Flag of Canada.svg July 1, 2000
U.S. viewers (millions):
1.90
Running time:
10 minutes, 49 seconds
Sister episode(s):
"Sandy's Rocket"
Credits
Writer(s):
Steve Fonti
Chris Mitchell
Doug Lawrence
Storyboard Artist(s):
Chris Mitchell
Storyboard:
Steve Fonti
Animation:
Fred Miller
Creative:
Derek Drymon
Chronology
Arrow LeftPrevious
"Sandy's Rocket"
Arrow RightNext
"Nature Pants"
List of episodes
 [more] 

Simplified list of episodes

"Squeaky Boots" is a SpongeBob SquarePants episode from season one. In this episode, SpongeBob buys boots from Mr. Krabs, which causes an annoying squeaky sound.
Characters

    Eugene H. Krabs
    Pearl Krabs (debut)
    Tina Fran
    Nancy Suzy Fish
    Sheila (debut)
    Abigail Marge
    SpongeBob SquarePants
    Squidward Tentacles
    John
    Archie
    Henry-Bart
    Franco
    Harry (fish)
    Francis
    Gary the Snail (cameo)
    Tom
    Fred
    Horace 

Synopsis

On Pearl's birthday, Mr. Krabs attempts to cheaply entertain her party guests. When this does not receive a warm reception, he moves on to presenting Pearl with his present. She opens the package, eagerly hoping for a pair of the popular flipper slippers all her friends wear. What she finds instead is a pair of rubber fishing boots, a real bargain for Mr. Krabs but a mortifying gift for her.
Left stuck with a two-dollar pair of boots, Mr. Krabs wonders what he can do with them. SpongeBob arrives to ask for his paycheck, and Mr. Krabs decides to play up the value of the
A Very Squeaky Sound

SpongeBob in the titular boots
boots, telling SpongeBob they are meant only for the world's greatest fry cook. SpongeBob longs to wear such a pair, but Mr. Krabs denies his request until SpongeBob offers up his paycheck in exchange.

SpongeBob takes to the squeaky new boots immediately, much to the annoyance of Squidward. To Mr. Krabs' ears, the boots merely make the sound of money. That night, Mr. Krabs begins to dream about the cash lining his register, but the sounds of squeaking invade his slumber. He wakes to realize it's his window making the sound, but as he goes to close it, he steps into a knothole, breaks his leg literally in two and falls outside.

Limping back upstairs, he finally closes the window and returns to sleep, but the window opens once more. Repeated attempts eventually yield success, but he breaks his other leg on the way back to his hammock and becomes entangled in it, just as the window resumes squeaking open and closed.

Trudging to work on bandaged legs, the tired Mr. Krabs looks forward to at least having a successful business day. He arrives to find Squidward leaving for vacation in a huff. Mr. Krabs cannot understand what could be wrong when business is booming, but it soon becomes clear as SpongeBob comes squeaking into view. Enthusiastic as ever about wearing the boots of the world's greatest fry cook, SpongeBob demonstrates how he hopes to live up to the title, performing various feats and squeaking all the while. Mr. Krabs grows ever more weak and weary, retreating to his office for peace. The sounds permeate inside, however, and he decides he must get rid of the boots once and for all.

Sneaking into SpongeBob's house under cover of darkness, Mr. Krabs slips off the boots from the sleeping SpongeBob's feet and brings them back to the Krusty Krab to hide. The next morning, Mr. Krabs is sitting peacefully with his dollar bills when a sobbing SpongeBob enters, apologizing for losing the precious boots. Mr. Krabs attempts to console him with "magic oven mitts," but they do nothing to heal SpongeBob's pain. Unsure of what else to do, Mr. Krabs takes a customer's order. However, the order comes out as a series of squeaks. Horrified, Mr. Krabs soon hears everyone and everything making the dreaded sound. 

Driven to madness, Mr. Krabs confesses that he hid the boots underneath the restaurant's floorboards. He pulls the boots out, takes them to the kitchen and dips them into the fryer before devouring the shriveled footwear. Satisfied, he tells the mystified SpongeBob that he doesn't need special boots to be a great fry cook as he already is one, and so gives SpongeBob his long-overdue paycheck, stopping short of giving him an extra bonus.

Mr. Krabs then heads off on a week-long vacation with Pearl, having finally bought her a pair of Flipper Slippers for the trip. Much to his dismay, a tell-tale squeak starts hiccuping from him as he drives and continues all the way down the road. 

~

Squidward is still asleep, only to be woken up and then annoyed by SpongeBob and Patrick, who came into his house to throw a surprise birthday party for him. When they leave, he shouts that it isn't his birthday and decides to move out of Bikini Bottom the next day. That afternoon, he calls Patty Rechid from Bikini Realty to arrange for his house to be sold, so that he may move out of the neighborhood. He is warned that if his home is surrounded by bad neighbors, the house may not be sold. Squidward is convinced that SpongeBob and Patrick may ruin his chances of selling his house. Squidward thinks that whatever a good neighbor does, SpongeBob and Patrick do the opposite, which gives him an idea. A now-goofy Squidward tells SpongeBob that it is Opposite Day the next morning, and that everyone must act opposite to how they usually act. A now-grumpy SpongeBob believes him, and informs Patrick, who stops breathing, until SpongeBob exclaims, "not that opposite!" A montage of the two doing "opposite" things, such as talking backwards and acting as Gary's pets, is then shown. Squidward's plot soon begins to backfire on him. SpongeBob "fixes" (damages) his house, and a shocked Squidward cleans the debris with a bulldozer. SpongeBob concludes that Squidward is acting like him, and he must therefore act like Squidward.

While Squidward is still fixing SpongeBob's house, Patty arrives, and SpongeBob and Patrick both pretend to be like Squidward, giving her a tour of the house, while describing it negatively and doing the opposite of what she asks. When Squidward realizes what is going on, he rushes to his house and attempts to explain the situation to Patty, who, upon hearing that he is "Squidward" as well, finally sees through his game and accuses them of intentionally messing with her. Gary comes in with a pickle on his face, resembling Squidward's large nose. He meows with a Squidward-style voice, and she angrily storms out. Squidward begs Patty to sell his house, but she refuses stating she wouldn't sell the house if he was the "last Squidward to exist on Earth" and then she storms off.

SpongeBob and Patrick tells Squidward "Happy Opposite Day." A furious Squidward shows SpongeBob and Patrick how much he "hates" (likes) them by attempting to run them over with a bulldozer, scaring SpongeBob and Patrick out of their wits as he is now on the warpath against them. SpongeBob then asks Patrick if he ever feels that Squidward likes them too much. 

~

After settling in for the evening, SpongeBob has a strange dream, where he is driving a hot rod in a Krabby Patty-themed location and he has his driver's license then crashes into a rock. However, Mrs. Puff appears and tears up SpongeBob's license and he is then propelled out of his own dream.

He appears as a small, glowing version of himself in the outside world, where he sees himself sleeping. SpongeBob realizes that he has no dream to go to until he sees Gary's dream cloud. He jumps in, frightening Gary.

In his dream, Gary has a humanoid body who can speak English and resides in a huge library. Gary tells SpongeBob some limericks before SpongeBob goes out of Gary's dream cloud and into Patrick's. Patrick's dream is completely empty, except for a kiddy ride that he is riding on and a door resembling that of SpongeBob's front door that leads out of the dream. SpongeBob explains to him that in a dream, he can do whatever he wants, which he demonstrates by changing size and creating a million copies of himself. Patrick says he's already satisfied, and SpongeBob goes out of Patrick's dream cloud. The ride then stops and Patrick takes out a quarter but drops it in a sewer grid.

Next, he goes into Squidward's dream, where Squidward is playing his clarinet for a king in a theater. SpongeBob distracts the king by telling him a limerick that Gary recited in his dream, and Squidward stops, and the king growls at him for not playing. After this happens several times, Squidward becomes so angry that he snaps his clarinet, but SpongeBob saves him by turning into a clarinet. It produces no sound, and SpongeBob just sings horribly, which surprisingly everybody applauds at. A crowd then picks up SpongeBob while throwing Squidward into a fruit cart, wondering how he can make such music. He then transforms back into his normal form and runs out the exit doors at the back of the theater. Squidward is knocked into the fruit cart by the audience and the king, while they chase SpongeBob as he exits the dream.

SpongeBob goes into Sandy's dream, where they are skydiving, and have to land on a painted target. SpongeBob asks if it's "kind of dangerous", and Sandy says "Not as long as you got a big ol' parachute." SpongeBob misunderstands her twice (such perceiving "pair of shoes" and "parakeet"), and while trying to explain to him, Sandy fails to open her own parachute in time and lands in a truck filled with clam manure. SpongeBob falls out of Sandy's dream and says to himself "All right, that's it. No more messing with people's dreams."

However, he then goes to what he thinks is Mr. Krabs' dream but actually is Pearl's dream, where she is having a tea party with her stuffed animals in a very childish and girlish setting.

After realizing this, he immediately goes to Mr. Krabs' dream, where he's fishing for money. Mr. Krabs instructs SpongeBob to pull out his money net from his back pocket, which turns out to be Mr. Krabs's wallet. SpongeBob and Mr. Krabs manage to catch Moby Dollar, but it escapes and Mr. Krabs shoots SpongeBob out of the dream via a harpoon gun tied to SpongeBob.

He is launched directly into Plankton's dream. Plankton, in his dream, is a giant monster and can shoot lasers from his eye, and is destroying the city. SpongeBob realizes that it isn't a dream, but a nightmare. Once Gary is about to be crushed by Plankton, SpongeBob pricks his foot by turning into a pushpin, and Plankton deflates. The angry Bikini Bottomites close in on him and Plankton tells them that he guesses he has some explaining to do, but gets his punishment by being stepped on by everyone else. Plankton then wakes up in terror.

SpongeBob then goes back to his own dream cloud, where the angry faces of everyone who's dreams he entered appear around him. When he wakes up, everyone is in his house complaining that he's messed up their dreams and tell him to stay out. Patrick then appears and asks "Does anyone have a quarter?" then everybody looks at Patrick in confusion and the episode ends. 

~

The episode starts with SpongeBob asleep and having a dream about Krabby Patties. He awakens hungry with his stomach growling and makes a Sea-Nut Butter and jellyfish jelly sandwich as a midnight snack. However, he falls asleep after the first bite, leaving the refrigerator open all night and freezing the entire house. By morning he develops the suds, a sponge-exclusive sickness similar to a cold or influenza and has bubbles come out of him whenever he sneezes. Gary suggests he stay home, but SpongeBob denies being sick and goes to work anyway. At work he has a hard time doing his job, and when Mr. Krabs comes in to tell him off, Gary reveals that SpongeBob has the suds. Mr. Krabs then orders him to return home and get some rest, saying that he can't have him sneezing all over the food. Unfortunately, the customers overhear what Krabs just said and panic and all scramble out of the Krusty Krab, to Krabs' dismay.

Once home, SpongeBob realizes he needs help, so he calls upon Sandy to take him to the doctor. She agrees, saying that she will be there "faster than a barefoot jackrabbit on a hot greasy griddle in the middle of August...". SpongeBob cuts her off and thanks her. SpongeBob then dresses warmly in anticipation of going to the doctor but is visited by Patrick, who thinks he is going skiing. SpongeBob explains that he is sick and going to the doctor.

Patrick warns him that the doctor's office is "a horrible, horrible place" where they make you sit in the waiting room and read old magazines. SpongeBob, horrified, asks Patrick to be his doctor instead. "Doctor" Patrick begins to practice on him, starting by plugging up all of SpongeBob's holes so bubbles won't come out. However, this causes SpongeBob to inflate every time he sneezes. SpongeBob thinks it's helping (but it's really making his suds worse) so he decides to call Sandy and tell her not to come but his fingers are too puffy for the buttons. He then asks Patrick to call Sandy and tell her not to come. He does so, but Sandy doesn't buy it and continues coming. Patrick then tells SpongeBob to hurry up or else Sandy will take him to the doctor. He tries several things to cure SpongeBob's suds, including turning his foot into a sandwich, yanking a tooth, bouncing on him like a trampoline, repeatedly placing and removing a large band-aid and even putting him in a medieval torture device, by which time Sandy has arrived. SpongeBob sneezes one more time (this time turning him into a perfectly round ball). Sandy demands Patrick open the door, but Patrick rolls SpongeBob out the back door and disguises him as a duplicate of his house. Sandy questions Patrick as to why he has two houses. Patrick replies that he has too much stuff for one. She then questions why his house has feet, Patrick responding that it is his "mobile home." SpongeBob then sneezes again, revealing himself. Sandy says that he has to see a real doctor, but Patrick refuses, telling SpongeBob to "say "ahh," but, when he does so, his breath destroys nature, showing Sandy that he's worse than she thought. Sandy takes this as proof that SpongeBob needs to go to a doctor. They then squabble over SpongeBob and accidentally fling him into the air. Patrick asserts that everything was fine before Sandy arrived; Sandy retorts that he should be arrested for impersonating a doctor. SpongeBob, meanwhile, bounces away and, at the last second, comes to a stop in front of the Krusty Krab; then, the pressure from his plugged-up holes becomes too much, and he sneezes violently and destroys the Krusty Krab. Sandy then takes SpongeBob to a real doctor, who prescribes the "sponge treatment," which is performed by a live human hand named Hans. This involves being rinsed with soap and used to scrub various objects and people. The treatment cures SpongeBob completely, and he even receives a lollipop. SpongeBob exclaims that he loves the doctor.

Wanting a lollipop, Patrick claims that he has the suds, too, after blowing a bubble to prove it. The doctor is not fooled and sadistically assures him that a "special treatment" awaits "Doctor" Patrick. Hans returns, puts soap on Patrick, and uses him to clean a cactus and then a toilet. The episode ends with Patrick crying out, "Wait, this doesn't seem right!" 

next_category
MUSIC:

All the confusion surrounding Jaden Smith's relationship status is getting to be a nuisance. Is he dating Tyler, The Creator? Is he not? Who knows at this point. Over the weekend, he seemed to confirm that the two were still going strong but were they ever together to begin with? Now, he's been spotted out with a mystery woman in Los Angeles, muddying the situation even further.

Earlier today, we reported on a paparazzi video that shows Jaden confirming his relationship with Tyler, The Creator again after he initially announced their coupledom on stage at Camp Flog Gnaw. Weeks have passed and the artist is still running with it, meaning that he's either an insanely dedicated troll or they're actually together. Jaden's appearance with a new woman likely points to the former as the two got pretty close in photos snapped this week. 

Jaden has been releasing a few music videos to promote his new album, which many believe he's been hyping up by advertising his relationship with Tyler. At this point, it's confusing to follow Jaden's romantic situation. Is he with Tyler? Probably not. Is he with this mystery lady from the photos? Again, probably not. Jaden actually commented on the photo below saying that his real girlfriend lives in Paris... What are your thoughts?

~

The concept of celebrity romance as publicity tactic has existed since at least the dawn of the entertainment business. A natural extension of the well-oiled Hollywood machine, placing two up-and-coming talents together and suggesting they smooch, as if they were real-life Barbie and Ken dolls handled by a child, not only feeds into the public’s desire for allure on and off-screen, it almost certainly doubles the kind of media attention those individuals would receive on their own. As a lifelong Directioner, the short-lived yet deeply important 2012-2013 partnering of a young Taylor Swift and Harry Styles strikes me as a burning example: take country music’s beloved teen talent, introduce her to the biggest boy-band heartthrob on the planet, and together you’ve got a power couple with immense cultural currency at the top of both worlds. The right pairing of personalities is an almost impenetrable fortress, guaranteed to make money and headlines.

Cardi B and Migos rapper Offset are the latest celebrity coupling whose authenticity has been a source of intrigue. Almost every milestone in their relationship has been extraordinarily public. In a January 2018 interview with Rolling Stone, Offset claimed he met Cardi when he had a publicist set up a dinner with a variety of women in New York. (An audition?) He liked Cardi (“Damn, I am on her!” he recalled saying) and brought her to the 2017 Super Bowl for their first date. “That’s a power move!” he said of the gesture. While there, he live-streamed them together. Fans also spotted them holding hands.

If Cardi B and Offset’s relationship was the genius manufacturing of a publicist, it seems likely that what started out as a setup became a marriage of genuine love, and later, convenience. In headlines, they appeared inseparable. They spoke about each other incessantly. Retrospectively, it was short, but longevity isn’t really a key feature of most celebrity relationships, anyway. Their love was typically hot, heavy, and brief, perhaps sped up by public pressure. What’s the purest a celebrity relationship can hope to be, anyway?

As a source told Page Six last week, stating the obvious, “Celebrity couples play well. It was a lucrative business arrangement for both [Cardi and Offset]. They’re enormous stars. Their relationship was more of a wink-and-nod, we’re together, but we’re not together. They played it up for as long as they could.” Just days prior, Cardi posted a now-expired Instagram Story in which she revealed, “I’ve been trying to work things out with my baby’s father for a hot minute now. We’re really good friends and we’re really good business partners... but things just haven’t been working out between us for a long time.” The inclusion of “business partners,” in her statement feels particularly telling—this is language that confirms mutual publicity was at least some part of the framework of their relationship. That doesn’t mean it was the entirety of it. 

Consider the 2018 trend of rushed celebrity engagements after months of dating. Pete Davidson and Ariana Grande got engaged after just weeks of hanging out and broke things off in October. Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin got engaged in July and married in October with relative privacy—no wedding, just the paperwork. Also in July: Nick Jonas and Priyanka Chopra were betrothed after two months of (public) dating. They tied the knot in December over the course of several days in a traditional Indian wedding. Nick and Priyanka kept their relationship mostly hush-hush until it became too large to conceal, and when that became apparent, they allowed People exclusive access to their wedding. The photos, like them, were gorgeous. But simply by getting together, all famous parties enter some kind of unspoken business arrangement, the degrees of which vary. The public, inevitably, becomes fascinated with how much of it is real.

Authenticity is often measured by how much the couple chooses to keep private. On Valentine’s Day 2017, Cardi B posted an Instagram video of her and her “babe” Offset. The next month, she told The Fader, “I’m not saying I’m dating an Atlanta guy,” all but denying their relationship. In July, Cardi showed off a $60,000 chain that Offset bought her while the two of them attended a Meek Mill show. In October, Offset proposed to Cardi during one of her shows, in front of a crowd of 21,000 people at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia. When asked why he chose such a public gesture, he told Rolling Stone, “So she wouldn’t think I was playing. Let the world see that shit. I must have spent half a million on that ring.”

December 2017 was perhaps where things started to go south, but the couple was still as transparent as ever: Cardi mentioned Offset in “Bartier Cardi,” her followup single to “Bodak Yellow,” with the line, “Cardi put the pussy on Offset (Say what?)/Cartier, Cardi B brain on Offset.” Around Christmas, there were rumors that Offset cheated on Cardi, and in January 2018, she tweeted and deleted, “Why is it a problem that I want to take my time with a decision on my relationship ?” and “Why do I have to explain myself? I don’t ask ya why you still with that man that lives with his mom, that don’t pay your bills… Since when you guys had perfect relationship?” In March, she dropped the single “Be Careful,” which read like a thinly veiled plea to Offset: “Be careful with me, do you know what you doin’?/Whose feelings that you hurtin’ and bruisin’?/You gon’ gain the whole world/But is it worth the girl that you’re losin’?”

It’s surprising then (or maybe not) that her debut album, released in April, is titled Invasion of Privacy—an allusion to both the public’s watchful eye, which Cardi has continuously engaged—and warnings meant for Offset to heed. The song “Thru Your Phone” might be the most condemning. She raps:

I don’t wanna hear ’bout invasion of privacy I had a feeling, it turns out you lie to me I’m holding back everything that’s inside of me How you all fuckin’ with bitches that follow me? You risk your whole home for a hoe from the bar? You really want them hoes? You can have them bitches, you don’t even cheat with no badder bitches/This shit is eating me, you sleeping peacefully.

The week that Invasion dropped, Cardi B revealed a baby bump on Saturday Night Live to announce her pregnancy which simultaneously promoted her album further—a PR dream. The only private moment in their whirlwind relationship was their wedding in September 2017, which they kept secret for the better part of seven months. But what’s a more interesting pop culture story than a secret marriage later uncovered? Even when they separated in December 2018, Cardi B posted the first photo of their child, Kulture, as a brilliant distraction.

Only so much can be theorized without the couple directly admitting an arrangement, which rarely happens. In September, rapper Lil Xan disclosed that his month-long relationship with Noah Cyrus, Miley Cyrus’s little sister and up-and-coming singer, was fake, created by their major label to draw attention to this next generation of stardom. (Cyrus denied the claim, arguing that it’s a “joke” to think their relationship was a hoax.) It’s rare that a star (granted, a naive one) would admit to industry interference, and it probably earned him authenticity points with fans for biting the hand that feeds. Coming forward might’ve very well been a PR tactic, too.

Plenty of famous married couples have been accused of having a business arrangement. Throughout the six years Katie Holmes and Tom Cruise’s were married, gossip rags were obsessed with the theory that his role in the Church of Scientology meant their relationship was arranged. Kristen Stewart dated Robert Pattinson for three years while both were stars of the Twilight trilogy—a move some viewed as intentional promo for the teen vampire romance series. And, of course, there’s Beyoncé and Jay-Z, who’ve been married for a decade (the wedding, like Cardi and Offset’s, was held in secret).

When the pair wed in 2008, they kept silent about their partnership, save for an interview in which Beyoncé told Essence, “My word is my word. What Jay and I have is real. It’s not about interviews or getting the right photo op. It’s real.” After years of rumors about Jay’s infidelity, they became less private—Beyoncé appeared to share her side of the story on Lemonade in 2016 and Jay-Z on his album 4:44 in 2017. They also used speculation about their marriage as material for two joint tours (On the Run and On the Run II), making the business aspect of their romance all the more transparent, along with the idea of marriage itself as a business pact.

Is it even possible for a celebrity coupling to be devoid of business? I return to the example of Taylor Swift because it used to be impossible to hold a conversation about famous people dating without mentioning her. She’s been mum about her romance with actor Joe Alwyn, who she has allegedly dated since October 2016. Does their secrecy lead us to believe that things are more real between them, as opposed to her other well-documented boyfriends? Or is it more likely that she’s learned to keep love close and quiet if she wants the relationship to last?

When two powerful celebrity forces meet, it’s hard to believe it as anything other than a transaction. In the case of Cardi B and Offset, the pair had a child together, her first. They got married, and did so without the public knowing. Perhaps theirs is a situation that can’t be described as a setup, but a romantic business partnership gone bad.

~

Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston appear to be having fun. Too much, if you ask anyone. The public discovered this relationship in June, soon after learning that Swift and Adam “Calvin Harris” Wiles had split following nearly a year and-a-half of precisely planned dates and photo ops. (It was also right after Kim Kardashian accused Taylor, in GQ, of lying about getting advance knowledge of her mention in Kanye West’s “Famous.”) To the trained, PR-savvy eye, HiddleSwift can be seen as Swift’s latest attempt to appear human through the act of falling in love with another human. If you’re cynical enough, the relationship looks like the work of Swift’s beautiful, malevolent mind and a super-engine of well-oiled PR machines versed in manipulation.

How else does one explain this couple being so easily photographed on cloyingly romantic jaunts on several sickening occasions: on the rocky beaches of quaint Rhode Island (after dancing at the Met Ball), at a Selena Gomez concert in Nashville, and again on the beach, when nobody likes beaches that much? One theory suggests they’re camping it up for the sake of a music video shoot, or that Swift is at work on her own Kanye-like performative commentary about the beast of fame.

This is the nature of the celebrity “set up,” with the presumed exchange being free press and social capital. Reality TV stars are known to use fake relationships to juice up their on-camera storylines—Kenya Moore was accused of hiring a fake boyfriend on The Real Housewives of Atlanta. But unlike Kenya or The Hills’ Spencer Pratt and Heidi—so low-brow on the celeb scale that no one blinks about them courting paparazzi—there’s an expectation that someone on Swift’s level can’t appear too desirous of the fame she so clearly craves.

Photos of Hiddleston wearing an “I Heart T.S.” t-shirt (which either means he loves Taylor Swift or that he Stans for British essayist T.S. Eliot) don’t help much to prove otherwise. If this is some elaborate performance, then, why?

To cut through the speculation and illuminate this severely important issue, I asked a few publicists for their expert take on to what degree Swift is gaming us and how it plays into the celeb set-up phenomenon. “When you are a celebrity everything is set up, so to speak,” says one PR agent. Another theorizes that maybe Swift “is trying to make a social commentary on the public’s obsession with her and men.”

~

Kanye West's 35-minute super-video, Runaway, peaks with a parade. Fireworks flash while red hoods march through a field. At the center of the spectacle is a huge, pale, cartoonish rendering of Michael Jackson's head. My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy's gargantuan "All of the Lights" soundtracks the procession, with Kanye pleading, "Something wrong, I hold my head/ MJ gone, our nigga dead." The tribute marks another chapter in West's ongoing obsession with the King of Pop.

West's discography contains innumerable references and allusions to Jackson. His first hit as a producer, Jay-Z's "Izzo (H.O.V.A.)", sampled the Jackson 5's "I Want You Back". For many, his first memorable lines as a rapper came during 2003's "Slow Jamz": "She got a light-skinned friend look like Michael Jackson/ Got a dark-skinned friend look like Michael Jackson." And when West's recent interview with Matt Lauer on the "Today" show went awry, he took to Twitter, writing, "I wish Michael Jackson had twitter!!!!!! Maybe Mike could have explained how the media tried to set him up!!! It's all a fucking set up!!!!" Like most everything else, Kanye may exaggerate the kinship, but it's real. And it's never more apparent than on Twisted Fantasy, a blast of surreal pop excess that few artists are capable of creating, or even willing to attempt.

To be clear, Kanye West is not Michael Jackson. As he told MTV last month, "I do have a goal in this lifetime to be the greatest artist of all time, [but] that's very difficult being that I can't dance or sing." He ended the thought with a laugh, but you get the impression he's not kidding. Unlike Michael, he's not interested in scrubbing away bits of himself-- his blackness, his candidness-- to appease the masses. And while Jackson's own twisted fantasies of paranoia and betrayal eventually consumed him whole, West is still aware of his illusions, though that mindfulness becomes increasingly unmoored with each newspaper-splashing controversy. The balance is tenuous, but right now it's working to his advantage. On Twisted Fantasy, Kanye is crazy enough to truly believe he's the greatest out there. And, about a decade into his career, the hardworking perfectionist has gained the talent on the mic and in the control room to make a startlingly strong case for just that.

Kanye's last album, 2008's 808s and Heartbreak, was heavy on the Auto-Tune and stark synths, but relatively light on grandiose ideas. It was a necessary detour that expanded his emotional palette; a bloodletting after a harsh breakup and the passing of his mother that manifests itself in Twisted Fantasy's harshest lows. But musically, the new album largely continues where 2007's Graduation left off in its maximalist hip-hop bent, with flashes of The College Dropout's comfort-food sampling and Late Registration's baroque instrumentation weaved in seamlessly. As a result, the record comes off like a culmination and an instant greatest hits, the ultimate realization of his strongest talents and divisive public persona. And since the nerd-superstar rap archetype he popularized has now become commonplace, he leaves it in the dust, taking his style and drama to previously uncharted locales, far away from typical civilization.

He's got a lot on his mind, too. After exiling himself for months following last year's infamous Taylor Swift stage bomb, the rapper made some of his first comeback appearances at the headquarters of Facebook and Twitter in late July. Videos of West standing on a table in tailored GQ duds while gesticulating through new rhymes (sans musical accompaniment) quickly made the rounds. The Silicon Valley visits seemed like a stunt, but they were prophetic. Forever an over-sharer, Kanye was looking for an outlet for his latest mirror-born musings. He found that platform with Twitter, and proceeded to dictate his own narrative in 140 character hits. Whether showing off exotic purchases, defending himself against the press, or going on stream-of-consciousness rants, Kanye finally had the middleman-free, instant-gratification platform he'd always wanted.

Juiced on the direct connection, he began releasing weekly songs for free online, the generosity of which would be moot if the songs didn't deliver. But they did, over and over, eventually building up the same type of superstar goodwill Radiohead pulled off with their pay-what-you-want In Rainbows release plan and Lil Wayne's free mixtape barrage leading up to 2008's Tha Carter III. So while Kanye can't sing or dance like Michael, he's making meaningful connections in a fresh, oftentimes (ahem) naked way. "When I used to finish an album I would be so excited for my mom to hear the final - final!" he wrote on November 11. "The final - final is what we used to call the... completed album with all the skits!!! I made songs to please one person... MY MOM!!! I would think... would my my Mom like this song!"

I'm not sure which song he's talking about. Because, between July and November, West seemingly decided to make My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy less mom-friendly and more of a hedonistic exploration into a rich and famous American id. At Facebook, he rapped the first verse of what would become album closer "Lost in the World", at one point changing Michael Jackson's "Wanna Be Startin' Something" refrain to, "Mama-say mama-sah Mama Donda's son," referring to his late mother. The familial allusion was left off the album. Another Facebook tune-- a brutally oedipal account called "Mama's Boyfriend"-- was also deleted, along with the vintage-Kanye-sounding "See Me Now". Such exclusions speak to the album's sharp focus-- to move everything forward while constantly tipping on the brink of frantic instability.

This isn't the same resourceful prodigy who made The College Dropout or even the wounded soul behind 808s and Heartbreak. Instead, Kanye's Twisted Fantasy incarnation cherry-picks little things from his previous work and blows them up into something less than sane. The expansive, all-encompassing nature of the album is borne out in its staggering guest list which includes mentors Jay-Z, RZA, and No ID, along with new charges like Nicki Minaj, Rick Ross, Kid Cudi, and Bon Iver's Justin Vernon. The inclusion of Minaj (who contributes the schizoid verse of her life on "Monster"), Ross (a guy known for making up his own reality as he goes), and Cudi (who's probably even more wildly self-destructive than Kanye) especially adds to the hallucinatory tone. By the time Chris Rock shows up to provide comic relief during one of the album's bleakest moments, it begins to feel as if Kanye is stage-managing his own award show with enough starpower, shock, and dynamism to flatten the Grammys, the VMAs, and the rest all at once.

Over the past few months, Kanye has intermittently tried to flush away his rep as a boorish egoist in interviews and on Twitter, which is, fortunately, impossible. Because without his exploding self-worth-- itself a cyclical reaction to the self-doubt so much of his music explores-- there would be no Twisted Fantasy. "Every superhero needs his theme music," he says on "POWER", and though he's far from the virtuous paragons of comic book lore, he's no less complex. In his public life, he exhibits vulnerability and invincibility in equal measure, but he's just as apt at villainy-- especially here.

With "Runaway", he rousingly highlights his own douchebaggery, turning it into a rallying cry for all humanity. Like many of his greatest songs, it's funny, sad, and perversely relatable. And while the royal horns and martial drums of "All of the Lights" make it sound like the ideal outlet for the most over-the-top boasts imaginable, West instead inhabits the role of an abusive deadbeat desperate to make good on a million blown promises. "Hell of a Life" attempts to bend its central credo-- "no more drugs for me, pussy and religion is all I need"-- into a noble pursuit. As a woofer-mulching synth line lurks, Kanye justifies his dreams of not sleeping with but marrying a porn star, peaking with the combative taunt, "How can you say they live they life wrong/ When you never fuck with the lights on." Inspired by his two-year relationship with salacious model Amber Rose, the song blurs the line between fantasy and reality, sex and romance, love and religion, until no lines exist at all. It's a zonked nirvana with demons underneath; a fragile state that can't help but break apart on the very next song.

The haunted, Aphex Twin-sampling "Blame Game" bottoms out with a verse in which Kanye's voice is sped up, slowed down and stretched out. The effect is almost psychotic, suggesting three or four inner monologues fighting over smashed emotions. It's one of many moments on the record where West manipulates his vocals. Whether funneling some of his best-ever rhymes through a tinny, Strokes-like filter on "Gorgeous" or making himself wail like a dying cyborg in the final minutes of "Runaway", he uses studio wizardry to draw out his multitudes. Tellingly, though, he doesn't get the last word on the album. That distinction goes to the sobering tones of Gil Scott-Heron's 1970 spoken-word piece "Comment #1", a stark take on the American fable. "All I want is a good home and a wife and children and some food to feed them every night," says Scott-Heron, bringing the fantasy to a close.

On "POWER", Kanye raps, "My childlike creativity, purity, and honesty is honestly being crowded by these grown thoughts/ Reality is catching up with me, taking my inner child, I'm fighting for custody." The lines nail another commonality between the rapper and his hero. Like Michael, Kanye's behavior-- from the poorly planned outbursts to the musical brilliance-- is wide-eyed in a way that most 33 year olds have long left behind. That naivety is routinely battered on Twisted Fantasy, yet it survives, better for the wear. With his music and persona both marked by a flawed honesty, Kanye's man-myth dichotomy is at once modern and truly classic. "I can't be everybody's hero and villain, savior and sinner, Christian and anti Christ!" he wrote earlier this month. That may be true, but he's more willing than anyone else to try.

~

If the title of Earl Sweatshirt’s long-awaited third studio album feels like he’s underselling it, it’s because he is. He’s intentionally reducing the magnitude of an offering from one of the most lauded artists of the decade from a grand gesture to a gift with no wrapping. The rapper born Thebe Kgositsile’s worst enemy is—and has always been—our collective expectations and the entitlement that comes along with them.

It’s always been Earl versus the world. Fame found him at the age of 16, making him an internet sensation, then a meme, then an enigma, and finally, an icon. For an introverted kid who knew he could rap but was reluctant to accept the exposure and invasions of privacy that came with being a bona fide pop culture phenomenon, it’s been an uncomfortable evolution. Voracious fans threatened to consume not just his music but his personal life too. That same entitlement caused the “FREE EARL” campaign to mutate from eager appreciation to scary obsession and stoked fans’ demand for music during the three years since his last album—even as he was mourning his father’s death earlier this year. Rather than bask in the attention, he recoiled from it, setting himself apart from peers who maintain relevance through carefully strategized ubiquity. As he receded from the spotlight, his mystique grew—as did fans’ desire to hear him to do what he does best.

His followers tend to come in two flavors: those who gravitate to Earl, the spitter—the guy who dazzles with multisyllabic couplets and clever similes; and those come for Earl, the relatable mope—an avatar for their own emotional pain. But on Some Rap Songs listeners are challenged to take him not in parts but as a whole, in the form he is in now: a poet philosopher who is also the face of an emerging sound and scene.

Earl has always been a reflection of the collaborators around him. His first tape, Earl, and his official debut, Doris, rest squarely in the Odd Future canon. His second album, I Don’t Like Shit, I Don’t Go Outside, established Earl’s identity as a man apart from the then dissolving crew and saw him working with East Coast rappers also dealing with dark emotions and budding rap careers in New Jersey’s Da$h and New York City’s Wiki. Now, on Some Rap Songs, the 24-year-old has become the OG to a vanguard of younger artists who are blurring the lines between avant-garde jazz and hip-hop.

The world created by Earl and his new cohorts—including up-and-coming NYC rappers Medhane and MIKE, producer-rapper Sixpress, aka Ade Hakim, of the Bronx collective sLUms, and Gio Escobar, frontman for genre-bending ensemble Standing on the Corner—is based on abstraction, where form is secondary to mood. It’s where the concept of Blackness is radical and the practices of soul-searching are channelled through a lo-fi sound replete with off-kilter loops, samples that get chopped beyond recognition, and audio clips that feel both random and apropos.

Take first single “Nowhere2go,” produced by Darryl Johnson and Ade Hakim, which rides a jittery beat replete with stuttering loops, warped vocal samples, and loose percussion. The instrumental lands somewhere between disorienting and soothing, and it is the oddly perfect backdrop for a matter-of-fact Earl as he deadpans a heavy revelation about himself: “I think ... I spent my whole life depressed/Only thing on my mind was death/Didn’t know if my time was next.”

The project is distinctly rough around the edges, to great effect; there’s the sound of dust popping off vinyl and cassette hiss throughout. With these imperfections, Earl and company tap into the same sort of illegible, yet undeniable, feeling jazz musicians capture in slurred notes. The cross-influence between Earl and his cohorts is evident in his vocals too. On the Navy Blue-produced “The Bends,” Earl flexes what feels like a MIKE-like monotone to get off his stream-of-consciousness raps. That is, until you realize that MIKE’s own delivery is influenced by Earl. This is symbiosis, not thievery.

If the fact that Earl is a product of his circle of friends is the explicit story being told here, the implicit one is that he is a product of his parents. Though most of the album was written before the death of his father, South African poet Keorapetse Kgositsile, in January of this year, his presence looms in a way it hasn’t on past Earl projects. Resentment and laments of abandonment are replaced with acceptance and embrace. “My momma used to say she see my father in me/I said I was not offended,” he raps on “Azucar,” showing signs of reconciliation but only after acknowledging how the women in his life held him down during the bad times. “My cushion was a bosom on bad days/It’s not a black woman I can’t thank.”

On “Playing Possum,” we hear a cobbled together duet composed of recordings of his mother, Cheryl Harris, thanking Earl and describing him as a “cultural worker” in a keynote speech interwoven with his dad reciting an excerpt of a poem called “Anguish Longer Than Sorrow.” Taken altogether, the track is a letter from a loving son honoring his progenitors, a letter that his father did not get to hear before his death. Then, on penultimate song “Peanuts,” Earl grapples with his grief over a slow and out-of-tune piano sample and shouts out his uncle, African jazz legend Hugh Masekela, who passed away shortly after his father. The mourning gives way to catharsis on the Masekela-sampling finale. At the very end of the album, the second-hand guitars begin to wobble before glitching into silence. His uncle and father are gone, but Earl is still here, carrying on their artistic legacy—and, with the help of his collaborators, building his own.

~

When Interpol went out on their first tour behind their 2002 album Turn on the Bright Lights, Guided by Voices’ Robert Pollard imparted some prophetic advice for drummer Sam Fogarino at an Ohio stop: “Don’t sell more than 50,000 records or you’re in trouble.” Nine years later, the album was certified Gold by the RIAA—that’s 500,000 units sold in the U.S.—and trouble has, indeed, followed the band since their star-making debut. Look past the questionable lyrics and behind-the-scenes debauchery, and it becomes clear that Interpol have been victims of unreasonable expectations. As with many pop cultural events that have taken place in the last 13 years, 9/11 plays a role, as Turn on the Bright Lights’ dark, impeccably styled catharsis took on an accidental resonance, despite being written before that cataclysmic day. With its iridescent glow and empathetic hook (“New York cares”), album centerpiece “NYC” carried a specific weight; around 9/11's tenth anniversary, Suede’s Brett Anderson professed a love for the song, and Michael Stipe covered it with R.E.M. in 2003, all of which suggested that Interpol should be considered a Serious Band.

The 12 years following Turn on the Bright Lights’ release, however, have only proven that looking to Interpol for profundity makes as much sense as installing a diving board in a kiddie pool. If we’re being real, the band’s ankle-deep tendencies started with Bright Lights, and that’s not necessarily an insult: like many bands surfing the new-rock wave at the time, Interpol turned shallowness into a kind of goofy virtue, the sonic equivalent of wearing sunglasses indoors. There was, and still is, nothing inherently original about what they were doing—Peter Hook cheekily applied to be the band’s bassist in 2010, only to be rejected—but in a musical climate jam-packed with call-backs to rock’s past, Interpol were, in their own way, innovators. They took the sonic template for one of the most serious bands of all time and applied it to tales of white lines, late nights, and hetero-male woes that made “Entourage” look like The Joy Luck Club. In 2014, this is called “trolling”; in 2002, it simply sounded like a good time.

The years passed, and it became clear that Interpol’s talents could be listed on one hand, which was, again, not initially a bad thing. Antics from 2004 lacked the enveloping, cohesive atmosphere that made Turn on the Bright Lights such a striking debut, but the songs were definitely there. In 2007, Interpol did away away with the pesky, ill-fitting notions of “indie” (which the band only represented in sound, similar to how the term is still occasionally bandied about in the UK music press) by sensibly, and briefly, making the major-label leap to Capitol; the resulting record from that partnership, Our Love to Admire, is typically pinpointed as the moment Interpol started their steep, steady decline.

The chilly reception Our Love to Admire received at the time now seems a little unfair, and possibly the result of cultural fatigue; 2007, after all, was certainly not 2002, and Interpol’s stubborn refusal to show any progress after five years of visibility was a sign to many that the band’s slavish unoriginality was growing stale. In reality, Our Love to Admire represents Interpol at their most Interpol-iest—streamlined songwriting, crystal-clear production, lyrics directly referencing cocaine, a song called “No I in Threesome”—and if it’s not their best album, it’s certainly a hell of a lot better than what followed. The swaggering melodrama and shiny-suit dark pop of Our Love to Admire was, more so than ever for Interpol, redolent of bands from the ‘80s; this time, though, they approached the modern-day equivalent of Duran Duran’s empty-headed brilliance, a fitting full-circle since Carlos Dengler was known to wear a Duran Duran T-shirt during rehearsals for Bright Lights.

Regardless, Our Love to Admire was not a commercial leap, and so Interpol entered a new decade with a return to their old bosses at Matador and their fourth, self-titled album. Easily the band’s worst record to date, Interpol was bereft of hooks, choruses, and other elements that make listening to music enjoyable. Four years later, they've all but disowned the record, judging by their set lists. So it’s understandable to approach the band’s fifth album in 12 years, El Pintor, with suspicion. The album’s title means “the painter” in Spanish, but it’s also an anagram for the band’s name, and the similarities to its predecessor don’t end there: as with Interpol, this new one’s 10 songs long, self-produced, with studio vet Alan Moulder handling mixing duties. The phrase “approach with caution” comes to mind.

El Pintor isn’t “more of the same” in one specific way: it’s Interpol’s first album without Dengler on bass, following his departure in 2010; although Dave Pajo served as his replacement on the tour promoting Interpol, the band’s a trio now, with frontman Paul Banks taking on four-string duties. Dengler’s absence is felt not least by the people in the band; Fogarino recently admitted to NME that Dengler’s talents were “a huge part of [Interpol’s] sound...You couldn’t take that away.” But El Pintor sounds like the work of a band revitalized, for the moment at least. There’s considerable energy in these songs, with just enough melodic smarts for El Pintor to rank as the fourth-best Interpol album—a dubious achievement, sure, but the failure of Interpol makes even that surprising.

There’s nothing here that touches the band’s creative peak, but any of El Pintor’s songs could hang with Interpol’s strongest deep cuts. With a red-herring of an opening that resembles the stately Antics opener “Next Exit”, “All the Rage Back Home” is the strongest up-tempo Interpol single since Our Love to Admire’s “The Heinrich Maneuver”, propelled by Fogarino’s jet-engine drumming and a chorus delivered by Banks, in his distinctive whine, that sounds as wistful as it does festival-ready. The tricky licks of “My Desire” fondly recall Our Love to Admire’s “All Fired Up”, while album highlight “Anywhere” cannily fuses the patient urgency of Bright Lights’ “Obstacle 1” and the proclamatory riffs of Antics’ “C’mere”.

If you’re starting to notice a trend here, then the ultimate failing of El Pintor is apparent: this is the sound of a band feeding on its past, a move that counters the bloodlessness of Interpol with a formula that is as moderately effective as it is uninspired. The slow, elegant majesty of “My Blue Supreme” is a re-trod of Our Love to Admire’s chiming “Rest My Chemistry”, the insistent throb of “Ancient Ways” essentially resembles Antics’ “Not Even Jail” rejiggered slightly, and so on.

The sole surprising moment arrives two-thirds of the way into “Ancient Ways”, when Banks breaks into a brief falsetto that shatters even Randy Jackson’s definition of “pitchy”; it’s quite possibly the most embarrassing thing Banks has ever done on record, and we’re talking about a guy who once sang the lyric “You’re so young/ Like a daisy in my lazy eye” with serious conviction. Lyrically, Banks has long been a punching bag, but his middle-school-poetry approach has grown endearing over time—and it’s also all but vanished from this decade of the band’s work. The most memorable lyric Interpol provided was when, in a bit of unintentional hilarity, Banks moaned “I’m a nice guy” on album opener “Success”; here, it’s on “My Blue Supreme”, in the form of the telling pre-chorus utterance “Only one in a hundred make it/ We fake until there’s nothing to fake.”

These lines could be interpreted a few ways—a commentary on the stylishness that Interpol once so exuded, a self-castigation of the band’s own derivative tendencies—but it could also be seen as a statement of survival. Circa Antics, the major-label-subsidiary market was flooded with Interpol soundalikes that ranged from not-bad to not-terrible to flat-out-awful; they sounded like copies of copies, and by the time the major-label system sunk their claws into the real thing, the whole thing resembled an endless series of funhouse mirrors. With El Pintor, Interpol don’t sound as much like Interpol as they do a band that really wants to be Interpol; it’s a sad notion for anyone who once held this band’s music dear to their hearts, but taking into account what came before, it’s a miracle that Interpol still exist in this capacity at all.

next_category

FOOD:

If you've got breakfast and brunch on the mind, a recent opening is need-to-know. Located at 12389 Kingsride Lane in Memorial City, the new addition is called The Flying Biscuit Cafe.

It began as a single cafe in Atlanta in 1993, but now has locations throughout the American south. Though the cafe is known for breakfast dishes like biscuits and grits, it also offers an extensive all-day menu of Southern-inspired comfort food. There's a Southern scramble, for instance, that you can order for breakfast, lunch or dinner. It's made with turkey bacon, collard greens, onions and cheddar cheese. Or, try a green tomato BLT, which is baked in the oven and topped with cashew-jalapeno relish and goat cheese.

This spot is also vegetarian-friendly, with options like a tofu scramble, the veggie burger and a vegan barbecue burrito of tofu, collard greens and mushrooms in a sun-dried tomato tortilla topped with salsa verde.

The newcomer has garnered rave reviews thus far, with a five-star rating out of nine reviews on Yelp.

Yelper Daniel C. wrote, "The chicken sausage had texture and the flavor of well spiced pork sausage. Eggs over medium were fried perfectly. The biscuit was excellent, served along with their own cranberry apple butter."

Interested? Stop by to welcome the new business to the neighborhood. The Flying Biscuit Cafe is open from 6 a.m.-3 p.m. on weekdays and 6 a.m.-4 p.m. on weekends.

~

From Starbucks to American Airlines, dozens of big-name brands announced plastic straw bans this year, bringing attention to an environmental cause that, according to a new survey, is starting to break through. The issue tops the list of the most-remembered food stories of 2018, with 51 percent of U.S. adults aware of it, according to Hunter Public Relations.

This marks the first year an environmental issue led the list, which the MDC Partners-owned PR shop has published every year since 2003.

One reason Americans recalled the straw news was a widely-shared video of marine biologists removing a straw stuck in the nose of a sea turtle. The video was shot in 2015 but continued to garner millions of views this year. And bans have started to take hold. Starbucks in July said it would begin eliminating single-use plastic straws, instead offering strawless lids or straws made from another material. And California passed a law that starting in 2019 makes it the first state to ban full-service restaurants from offering plastic straws (unless customers ask for them).

The study, fielded online Oct. 25 to 30, asked 1,001 American adults about top food stories that ran over the previous 12 months and was conducted by Hunter with Libran Research & Consulting. Of those surveyed, 35 percent classified food and nutrition stories as "very important," up from 26 percent in 2017 and the highest level in recent years according to Hunter, which does work for a variety of food industry brands.

Dunkin' Donuts dropping Donuts from its name and romaine lettuce recalls ranked second and third on Hunter's list. Hunter works with a number of food industry clients and therefore conducts an annual review of the news in the sector.

Among millennials, the top two stories were Dunkin' dropping Donuts from its name (36 percent), followed closely by the plastic straw ban (35 percent). Among Gen Xers, the plastic straw ban (48 percent) and Dunkin's name change (44 percent) were the top two stories. The group of people the survey labels baby boomers/mature adults, meanwhile, put plastic straws first (66 percent), followed by the romaine lettuce recall (55 percent), with Dunkin's name change coming in third (53 percent).

For the first time, people were asked how often they post on social media pictures of food they are making or food they order at restaurants. Forty-seven percent said they do so. Millennials and Gen Z led the pack, with nearly three-quarters of the group posting their food images (no surprise there).

Hunter said none of the companies or brands mentioned in the top stories of 2018 are among its clients. The agency works with marketers including Amazon (which delivers groceries and owns Whole Foods Market), Diageo, Keurig Dr. Pepper, Post, Pompeian, Smithfield Foods and Tabasco Brand Pepper Sauce.

The agency also tracks how Americans, ahem, consume food news. For general food news, TV remains the top source, with 45 percent citing it, up from 42 percent in 2017. Social media and websites each garnered 31 percent. Various forms of print media have less of a hold, with declines for both magazines and newspapers. However, 12 percent said they turn to books, up from 10 percent in the prior two years. (In January, the agency plans to share findings on how Americans' food news consumption has shifted since 2013 through a webinar.)

~

Tamales are a big business this time of the year, but for one food truck in Friendswood, tamales are served up all year long for your indulging convenience.

Hot Tamales has been around since 1976 and now sits on FM 2351 just past Beamer Road.

Allen, Eric and Jay Elder, all brothers, took over their father's business 10 years ago, filling the truck up with frozen tamales every single day of the week and serving them hot or frozen.

Customers can choose from spicy or mild pork, chicken, bean or jalapeno and cheese.

Some people have been coming for the tamales since they were kids, so it's no wonder there are always long lines.

Hot Tamales is open every day of the week from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m..

Tamales are $8 a dozen. You can buy them hot to eat right away or frozen to save for another time.

~

We at The Takeout write about food every day, which means our most faithful readers (you guys are the best!) read about food every day. That constant stream of food news makes it hard to remember what was in the headlines a month ago, let alone what dominated the food headlines from January 2018, which I believe falls under the Pleistocene Age. Thankfully, a public relations firm specializing in food surveyed Americans to find out just which food story was the most-remembered of 2018.

Turns out the biggest food story of the year wasn’t actually about a food: it was plastic straw bans. The survey of 1,001 adults, conducted by Hunter Public Relations in mid- to late-October, found 51 percent of Americans remember the news of large companies and cities banning plastic straws this year. That news ranked higher than Dunkin Donuts’ name change to Dunkin’, romaine lettuce recalls, racial profiling at Starbucks, and the effects of the trade war on U.S. farmers, which round out the top 5 stories. This marks the first year in the survey’s 16-year history that an environmental story has earned the top spot.

The survey also found that Americans think food news is more important than ever, with 35 percent of respondents saying food and nutrition stories are “very important.” That’s the highest rate the survey has ever recorded, and was bolstered by Gen Z and Millennials’ high interest in the subject.

While the most memorable stories of the year were, frankly, kind of heavy environmental destruction, racism, food safety—the foods Americans were Googling most were decidedly on the lighter side. Maybe that makes sense; watching videos of straws caught in turtles’ noses makes us want a CBD-infused unicorn cake, too. 

~

Holiday beers needn’t taste like months-old bread pudding or licking a Christmas tree. Traditionally, these year-end releases were boozy “winter warmers” loaded with nutmeg and clove and every other spice cabinet ingredient—but that’s no longer the only option. Breweries’ holiday beers these days range in style from citrusy goses to rich Scotch ales to toasty amber ales. All they have in common are festive labels and a place on your December drinking schedule.

The O.G. Christmas ale, Anchor Christmas turns 44 years old this year. The 2018 batch smells of elegant sherry and port wine, with plum and even leather scents underneath. The flavor is less intense than the aroma implies, with crackery malts and golden raisins only accented by deeper sherry and red wine notes. To say this beer is a classic is an understatement; it’s one of the most well-loved winter beer releases, as drinkers look forward to seeing what new pine or fir tree illustration will grace its label that year. (This time around, it’s a Korean Pine Tree, a variety that grow in the botanical gardens north of Anchor’s home town of San Francisco).

Oregon’s Deschutes has brewed Jubelale annually since 1988, making this beautiful ruby-hued beer another perennial favorite. The recipe has changed hardly at all since that original batch, so each year it can be counted on to offer the same nose of raisin bread, Tootsie Rolls, and cinnamon buns, with a silky sip that layers dark cherry cordial and tons of bittersweet baker’s chocolate across the tongue. It offers with a big, roasty conclusion that leaves lingering flavors of toasted hazelnut shell on the palate.

Fistmas is one of the few beers on this list that doesn’t require a crackling fireplace or wingback leather chair to feel appropriate. The red ale spiced with ginger and orange peel is a brighter alternative to some of the richer, more contemplative offerings on winter shelves. It emits aromas of sprucey hops and pumpernickel bread, with a flavor that balances the malts’ chewy brioche and light toffee with some resinous, woody hop bitterness. The ginger and orange are detectable, but happy to play a supporting role to the red ale’s primary flavors. The overall beer is rustic and warm without any sticky sweetness.

The only beef I have with this beer is that it’s called Bell’s Christmas and not Christmas Bells, but otherwise, it’s one of my favorite Midwest winter traditions. No spices, no fruit, no crazy barrel-aging—this beer is just a supremely constructed Scotch ale that concentrates on rich malt flavors and not much else. Its dark brown sugar, toffee, and molasses aroma suggests festive spices but then restrains itself before it becomes a liquid gingerbread house. Flavors of soft challah bread, raisin, and turbinado sugar dominate the sip, which wraps up clean, never cloying, with deftly hidden alcohol. My highest praise: This is a holiday beer you’d want to drink year-round.

This annual release boasts one of my favorite labels of the bunch. The beer inside will be a bit of a surprise if you’ve never had it before: It’s a dunkelweizen (basically an amped-up wheat beer), brewed with peaches and pecans. The nuts don’t shine through much, but the peaches dominate both aroma and flavor. Combined with the caramel malt base, they give an impression of French toast or peach pie on the tongue, with a little lingering vanilla around the edges. This beer isn’t for everyone, but if you have fruit beer fans in the house, they’ll dig it.

Maybe none of the other beers on this list have enough… oomph for your tastes. In that case, you’ll want to open Boulevard’s new Plaid Habit, a limited-release beer from the Kansas City brewery’s Smokestack Series. Prepare yourself for a nap after you dive into this Canadian whiskey barrel-aged imperial brown ale, whose cherry cordial, Red Vines, and Dutch cocoa aroma are lacquered in a huge vanilla-and-oak whiskey sheen. Flavors deliver more of the same, with caramel and dark fig notes linking up to give a rum-like sweetness to the sip. I’d recommend sharing this bottle with a friend, or three.

It’s neat to see brewers apply holiday flavors—in this case, cranberry and orange zest—to a beer style you don’t often see in the winter months. Enter: this holiday gose, a light, bright, barely tart wheat beer with a beautiful rose hue from the fruit addition. The cranberry’s sweet-tart nature melds nicely with this style’s inherent lactic tartness, with some candied orange and an a light, almost corn like sweetness cushioning the twang. It’s not too tart or salty (as this style can sometimes go), instead leaving your palate refreshed and eager for another sip.

Though the label tells you this bock is brewed with cinnamon, orange, and ginger, don’t let those spices scare you off. The smooth, biscuit like malts at the beer’s base more than carry the sweet orange, pink peppercorn, candied ginger, and light brown sugar flavors that come from these additions, finishing with a clean close to the sip. One of the easiest-drinking beers on this list, Winter Lager would be a welcome six-pack option if you’re headed to a party full of new friends whose beer preferences you don’t know.

next_category
DONALD TRUMP:

President Donald Trump's public silence on Wednesday belied his rising fury over longtime lawyer and fixer Michael Cohen, who the President still insists is not telling the truth after he turned against him and was sentenced to three years in prison.
"He's a liar," the President told associates after the Cohen sentencing, the coverage of which he was carefully watching on television from the residence of the White House.
Trump was intentionally silent during his one public event on Wednesday in the Roosevelt Room as reporters pressed Trump for reaction to Cohen's three-year prison sentence and his allegations implicating Trump in federal crimes.
But privately, Trump assailed Cohen as a "liar," one administration official said.

The President used that word repeatedly in conversations, the official said, echoing what he has repeatedly said in public in recent weeks.
The White House also did not comment on Wednesday, but when pressed, an official pointed CNN to a tweet that Trump sent last week, saying it perfectly reflects his feelings.
"He lied for this outcome and should, in my opinion, serve a full and complete sentence," Trump tweeted last week.
Cohen has implicated Trump in a felony, saying he violated campaign finance laws at Trump's direction. Trump has denied any wrongdoing, but the proceedings represented an extraordinary turnabout for Cohen, the first member of Trump's inner circle to receive a prison sentence this year.
"I felt it was my duty to cover up his dirty deeds," Cohen told the court.

Cohen was once one of Trump's closest advisers, working with him at the Trump Organization for more than a decade before becoming one of his most vocal public defenders during his presidential run.
Trump has repeatedly belittled Cohen, his onetime protector, but Cohen may have the last word, as he told the judge: "I will continue to cooperate with the government."

~

Court filings on Friday regarding Paul Manafort and Michael Cohen reveal the ways in which the special counsel's investigation can endanger President Trump's future. Special Counsel Robert Mueller also revealed on Tuesday that former national security adviser Michael Flynn offered "substantial assistance" to the Russia investigation -- the same day Maryland and the District of Columbia issued subpoenas in their emoluments case against President Trump.

Trump, concerned that the other shoe will finally drop when Mueller delivers his final report, unleashed a blitz of tweets early Friday attacking the investigation. Trump tried to discredit Mueller and tweeted, "We will be doing a major Counter Report to the Mueller Report. This should never again be allowed to happen to a future President of the United States!" While the tweets are the words of an angry man, they also appear to be the words of a worried man.
Amid the turmoil, Trump announced major personnel changes in his administration. The President said he will nominate State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert as UN ambassador and William Barr as attorney general. Meanwhile, Chief of Staff John Kelly is expected to step down soon.

The cynic rightly responds to all of this week's news by asking -- who cares? We have seen this kind of chaos before.

The theory is that partisanship will save this President. After all, Republicans will still control the Senate in 2019 with an even larger majority, so the likelihood of their support in any impeachment proceedings is slim. Republicans have stood by silently as the President ignores norms, threatens institutions, and conducts his erratic term in office. When it comes to taking a stand, congressional Republicans have done nothing to demonstrate that they privilege governance over partisanship.
But do the past two years suggest President Trump is immune to the fallout that could result from the emoluments case or a damning Mueller report?
In short, the answer is no. The same intense partisanship within the Republican Party that has protected President Trump until this point could just as easily turn against him. That is the essence of intense partisanship. Decisions are not about loyalty to an individual or principle but about power. When a person stands in the way of power, then they become disposable.
Until the midterm elections, Republicans were feeling pretty good. They controlled the White House and the Congress, and with Justice Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation, the Supreme Court now leans considerably to the right as well. Republicans also amassed control of a huge number of state legislatures and governorships under President Obama. Combined with the political propaganda machine called Fox News, the party was feeling pretty good about themselves.

Even if President Trump made members of the GOP cringe and went against certain political principles like free trade, it was still unclear how things would play out at the polls. While Republicans could not ignore the dismal approval ratings of the President, factors like redistricting, along with favorable Senate election prospects and voting restrictions, could have mitigated a blue wave.
But that's not what happened. The midterm elections served a devastating blow to the GOP. Republicans lost the House and a significant number of state-level elections in the process. While Republicans in states like Wisconsin and Michigan are trying to limit the powers of incoming governors and other officials, Democrats will still have power. Democrats even showed that they are gaining strength in places like Arizona and Texas.
Meanwhile, the stock market has plunged this week, undercutting the GOP's confidence in the policies of "Tariff Man," who until now had been enjoying the kind of economic rewards that kept skeptics quiet.
What happens when Republicans learn what Robert Mueller has uncovered? What if the report produces clear and compelling evidence that the President and his associates committed high crimes and misdemeanors? What if the emoluments case shows that the President, through his hotel, has exchanged political decisions for bulk hotel reservations? What if the Congress learns that everything people suspected is just the tip of the iceberg?

The thing about scandals is that they can take on a life of their own. While Republicans have tried to stifle the investigation thus far, that can change once the facts are out there. The details will matter. If the findings are damaging enough, the report can leave a lasting impact by forcing Republicans to think twice about standing by the President through 2020.
In many scandals -- even Watergate -- the party of the accused remained loyal to the alleged wrongdoer for a long time until the political costs become very clear.
If the House moved forward and voted for articles of impeachment, the biggest question has to do with the Senate, where two-thirds of the chamber would have to vote in favor of removing a president. Will there be enough evidence to persuade 20 Republicans to join Democrats in favor of a conviction?

Ironically, the other insurance policy that President Trump has been counting on -- the very conservative Vice President Mike Pence -- can turn into a liability. After all, if Republicans reach a tipping point in 2019 and determine that a scandal-ridden President can drag down the rest of the party, they might rally behind Pence for president, assured that he would stay loyal to the party agenda.

These are unsettling days for the Trump administration. The President is hoping that he can simply ignore what the investigators have to say or else just tweet them out of existence. But that's not how Washington works. It is a tough town and there are breaking points for any party when the costs of supporting a politician become unbearable. That's when the partisanship that the President has counted on could turn into his biggest problem.

~

aced with new court filings by special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating his ties to Russia and other matters, our Distractor-in-Chief began Friday with a burst a tweets and two big nominations. As President Donald Trump proposed William Barr for attorney general and Heather Nauert for ambassador to the United Nations, he seemed intent on capturing our attention. It didn't work.
The man who loves to control the news cycle was outflanked by revelations connected to two men who have, despite serving in the Trump administration, appeared to resist his corrupting influence.
First, former secretary of state Rex Tillerson told an interviewer that Trump had asked him to commit illegal acts, is undisciplined and "doesn't like to read, doesn't read briefing reports, doesn't like to get into the details of a lot of things." Next the press reported that White House Chief of Staff John Kelly, who is expected to quit any minute, has been questioned by the special counsel. These startling developments drew new attention to the odor of incompetence and corruption that has hung over Trump ever since he took office.

Tillerson and Kelly, and Paul Manafort and Michael Cohen represent diametrically opposed responses to the Mafia-style way of leading that the President seems to prefer.

Tillerson and Kelly signed on with Trump after sterling careers guided by higher values and did not succumb to demands for omerta-style loyalty. Cohen and Manafort, both now admitted criminals, had never distinguished themselves as honorable men and presumably found it easy to do the big boss's bidding.
Nothing in this comparison suggests that Kelly and Tillerson were goody-goody types. A former Marine Corps general, Kelly came to the White House with combat experience and the toughness to bring discipline to a President who is short on focus and self-control. Before being tapped by Trump, Tillerson was canny enough to rise to the top of ExxonMobil, where he even did business with the murderous Vladimir Putin because his company was active in Russia. (Putin gave Tillerson a friendship medal.) Now we learn that when he was at the State Department, Tillerson pushed back against Trump's attempt to corrupt him, refusing to act on orders he believed violated the law, according to his account to CBS reporter Bob Schieffer at a Houston event Thursday.

As pragmatic as Tillerson and Kelly may have been, they did not subscribe to Trump's do-anything-I-command ethos -- and that put them on the outs with their boss. Tillerson struggled to serve the country properly right up to the point when he was informed, while traveling for the President on a foreign mission, that he was no longer welcomed in the administration. As Kelly reportedly prepares to leave, he enjoys the same respect as a man committed to the office of the President even if the actual President has, according to reports, stopped speaking to him.
The fact is that in Trump circles, the relatively decent ones -- like the chief of staff, former secretary of state and outgoing United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley -- appear to have to struggle to remain. Indeed, ever the good soldier, Haley has refused to say anything negative about Trump, but it's noteworthy that she resigned soon after the delegates at the United Nations laughed out loud while her boss was addressing the General Assembly.
Trump's less noble allies, like Cohen and Manafort, show little of the strength of character found in Kelly, Tillerson and Haley. Instead of resisting the corruption that is so common to Trump's endeavors they tried to play the game.

In the decade-plus when he was Donald Trump's lawyer, Cohen advertised himself as Trump's "fixer" and a man who would "take a bullet" for the boss. This is the attitude of someone who is comfortable with mob-style corruption, and it is a sign of Cohen's weakness that he played his role so well that he committed crimes he has confessed to federal authorities. To his credit, Cohen is now cooperating with authorities and doesn't seem to be angling for a Presidential pardon. 

~

New York federal prosecutors’ investigation into the hush money payments Michael Cohen arranged during the 2016 campaign isn’t yet over — and it appears to have moved closer to President Trump.

Shortly after Cohen was sentenced, prosecutors in his case announced they’d reached a non-prosecution agreement with a company involved in one of those payments, American Media Inc. — and said the company assisted in the investigation and admitted it acted “in concert” with Trump’s presidential campaign.

This follows up on a sentencing memo filed last week, in which prosecutors asserted that Cohen “acted in coordination with and at the direction of Individual-1” — Trump — in violating campaign finance law.

Meanwhile, recent reports from both the Wall Street Journal and New York Times suggest the involvement of Trump and the Trump Organization in the payoffs both remain major focuses of the probe.

So prosecutors have concluded that the payoffs were criminal, because they were effectively designed to help Trump’s electoral chances but went far above campaign contribution limits. They’ve gotten Cohen to plead guilty to charges. They’ve also decided not to prosecute AMI.

Which means that the obvious next step in the probe would seem to involve Trump or his company.
Trump’s known personal involvement in the illegal payoffs

In August, the US Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York (SDNY) charged Cohen with two campaign finance-related offenses, each involving a separate hush money payment to a woman who claimed she had an affair with Trump.

First was a $150,000 payment to Karen McDougal, a former Playboy model. This payment was made by AMI, the parent company of the National Enquirer, in August 2016. But Cohen pleaded guilty to “causing” the payment to happen.

Second was the $130,000 payment to Stormy Daniels, made by Cohen himself in the final weeks of the campaign.

Both reporters and prosecutors have suggested that Trump was informed about and involved in these payments at every step of the way.

Near the very beginning of Trump’s campaign, in August 2015, AMI’s CEO David Pecker had a meeting with Cohen, at which Pecker floated the idea of buying the silence of women who came forward with allegations about Trump. Prosecutors have said that “one other member of the [Trump] campaign” was at this meeting.

That seems to refer to Trump himself. According to the Wall Street Journal, Trump attended this meeting and asked Pecker for help with his campaign. That’s significant because it shows Trump and Pecker had an understanding about hush money payments well before they actually happened.

Fast-forward to a year later, when McDougal was talking about coming forward. Per the Journal, AMI executives then tipped off Cohen, Cohen told Trump, and then Trump called Pecker asking for help.

After the deal to pay McDougal was made, Cohen reported back to Trump — in a conversation he secretly taped. When Cohen vaguely brought up “our friend David” (Pecker), Trump asked, “What do we got to pay for this? One-fifty?” So that’s more evidence Trump knew what was happening.

SDNY prosecutors also said in a filing last week that, “as Cohen himself has now admitted, with respect to both payments” — to McDougal and Daniels — “he acted in coordination with and at the direction of Individual-1.” They haven’t revealed all the evidence they have to back up this statement, but it’s a clear assertion that Trump directed both payoffs.
The Trump Organization was also involved

There’s also potential legal danger for Trump’s company — “the Company,” as SDNY prosecutors have dubbed it.

Cohen was an executive at the Trump Organization when he arranged the payoffs. But he wasn’t the only one at the company (in addition to Trump) who was involved.

During Cohen’s taped conversation with Trump, Cohen also says he spoke to a Trump Organization executive — CFO Allen Weisselberg — about how to repay AMI for the McDougal payoff. “I’ve spoken to Allen Weisselberg about how to set the whole thing up,” Cohen says.

Weisselberg was also reportedly involved in paying back Cohen for the Daniels payoff with Trump Organization funds in 2017. The money was split into several monthly payments that the company falsely described as “legal expenses.”

Prosecutors investigating the payments reportedly gave Weisselberg immunity for testimony earlier this year. However, this does not mean that Weisselberg “flipped” on Trump, as some surmised: The New York Times reported that the immunity grant “was narrow in scope,” and it remains unclear what Weisselberg said.

But after Cohen pleaded guilty, “federal prosecutors in Manhattan shifted their attention to what role, if any, Trump Organization executives played in the campaign finance violations,” the Times reported this week, citing “people briefed on the matter.”

So Trump’s company certainly appears to have been heavily involved in these illegal payoffs — which raises the question of whether the company itself will be charged.

~

What became clear in Tuesday’s Oval Office fiasco is that President Donald Trump doesn’t want the wall. 

As my colleague Tara Golshan writes, the difference between the $1.3 billion in wall funding Trump has and the $5 billion in wall funding Trump wants is $3.7 billion — peanuts in the context of the $4 trillion federal budget. There’s plenty Trump could offer House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer in return. Trump is, after all, the great dealmaker.

But Trump’s offer is, well, nothing. Rather than invite Pelosi and Schumer for a private negotiation, Trump asked them to the Oval Office for a public showdown in front of live cameras. “It’s called transparency,” Trump said. But it’s not transparency. It’s posturing.

This comes even clearer when you consider the wall’s true costs. The $5 billion in funding Trump is demanding isn’t actually enough to build the wall. Estimates of the total cost range from about $20 billion to $70 billion. Securing funding at either level would require a much bigger deal, with much more significant concessions from Trump.

But Trump isn’t offering a deal, and he isn’t constructing the kind of process where anyone might offer him a deal. Instead, he’s looking for a photo op. He’s looking for a clip of himself he can see played, and praised, on Fox & Friends.

Trump has a tendency to view his presidency as a reality television show where what’s important are storylines, confrontations, and plot twists. What he made yesterday was good television. But good television is about the fight, not the deal. The deal happens behind closed doors, it requires giving things up and seeing the other side’s perspective. 

The deal often hurts. It often disappoints some of your supporters. The reason politicians make deals, though, is that they care about the thing they’re trying to get done. They care about it enough to give up something of value in order to get it.

Trump doesn’t care enough about the wall to give up anything in order to get it. He didn’t care enough when Democrats offered to fund the wall if Trump would protect DREAMers, and he doesn’t care enough now.

If Trump can get the wall by winning a public showdown, he’d love that. But it’s the winning, not the wall, that drives him. It’s showing his supporters he’s fighting for them that powers his presidency, not actually getting anything done. Tuesday’s Oval Office meeting was meant to give Trump what he at least thinks he wants — not the wall, but a fight over the wall.

According to the LA Times White House reporter Eli Stokol, however, Trump didn’t like what he ultimately got. He stormed out of the meeting with Schumer and Pelosi and threw a package of briefing papers across the room in frustration. So perhaps he’ll reconsider.